SLC1A1 Gene Variants and Normal Tension Glaucoma: An Association Study.
Characterization of a Novel Mutation in SLC1A1 Associated with Schizophrenia.
MicroRNA 101b Is Downregulated in the Prefrontal Cortex of a Genetic Model of Depression and Targets the Glutamate Transporter SLC1A1 (EAAT3) in Vitro.
1,25-Dihydroxyvitamin D induces the glutamate transporter SLC1A1 and alters glutamate handling in non-transformed mammary cells.
Influence of polymorphisms in genes SLC1A1, GRIN2B, and GRIK2 on clozapine-induced obsessive-compulsive symptoms.
Variation in SLC1A1 is related to combat-related posttraumatic stress disorder.
Meta-analysis of association between obsessive-compulsive disorder and the 3' region of neuronal glutamate transporter gene SLC1A1.
Isoforms of the neuronal glutamate transporter gene, SLC1A1/EAAC1, negatively modulate glutamate uptake: relevance to obsessive-compulsive disorder.
A single nucleotide polymorphism in SLC1A1 gene is associated with age of onset of obsessive-compulsive disorder.
Lack of association of SLC1A1 variants with schizophrenia in Chinese Han population.
Association between the efficacy of fluoxetine treatment in obsessive-compulsive disorder patients and SLC1A1 in a Han Chinese population.
Interaction of SLC1A1 gene variants and life stress on pharmacological resistance in obsessive-compulsive disorder.
Functional studies and rare variant screening of SLC1A1/EAAC1 in males with obsessive-compulsive disorder.
CNV analysis in a large schizophrenia sample implicates deletions at 16p12.1 and SLC1A1 and duplications at 1p36.33 and CGNL1.
Association of the candidate gene SLC1A1 and obsessive-compulsive disorder in Han Chinese population.
Deletion at the SLC1A1 glutamate transporter gene co-segregates with schizophrenia and bipolar schizoaffective disorder in a 5-generation family.
Association of SNPs linked to increased expression of SLC1A1 with schizophrenia.
Gene expression of glutamate transporters SLC1A1, SLC1A3 and SLC1A6 in the cerebellar subregions of elderly schizophrenia patients and effects of antipsychotic treatment.
Polymorphisms in the glutamate transporter gene SLC1A1 and obsessive-compulsive symptoms induced by second-generation antipsychotic agents.
Interaction between genetic variants of DLGAP3 and SLC1A1 affecting the risk of atypical antipsychotics-induced obsessive-compulsive symptoms.
Association between SLC1A1 gene and early-onset OCD in the Han Chinese population: a case-control study.
Genetic variation in neuronal glutamate transport genes and associations with posttraumatic seizure.
Loss-of-function mutations in the glutamate transporter SLC1A1 cause human dicarboxylic aminoaciduria.
Comprehensive family-based association study of the glutamate transporter gene SLC1A1 in obsessive-compulsive disorder.
