MicroRNA 101b Is Downregulated in the Prefrontal Cortex of a Genetic Model of Depression and Targets the Glutamate Transporter SLC1A1 (EAAT3) in Vitro.MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are small regulatory molecules that cause translational repression by base pairing with target mRNAs. Cumulative evidence suggests that changes in miRNA expression may in part underlie the pathophysiology and treatment of neuropsychiatric disorders, including major depressive disorder (MDD).
A miRNA expression assay that can simultaneously detect 423 rat miRNAs (miRBase v.17) was used to profile the prefrontal cortex (PFC) of a genetic rat model of MDD (the Flinders Sensitive Line [FSL]) and the controls, the Flinders Resistant Line (FRL). Gene expression data from the PFC of FSL/FRL animals (GEO accession no. GSE20388) were used to guide mRNA target selection. Luciferase reporter assays were used to verify miRNA targets in vitro.
We identified 23 miRNAs that were downregulated in the PFC of the FSL model compared with controls. Interestingly, one of the identified miRNAs (miR-101b) is highly conserved between rat and human and was recently found to be downregulated in the PFC of depressed suicide subjects. Using a combination of in silico and in vitro analyses, we found that miR-101b targets the neuronal glutamate transporter SLC1A1 (also known as EAAC1 or EAAT3). Accordingly, both mRNA and protein levels of SLC1A1 were found to be upregulated in the PFC of the FSL model.
Besides providing a list of novel miRNAs associated with depression-like states, this preclinical study replicated the human association of miR-101 with depression. In addition, since one of the targets of miR-101b appears to be a glutamate transporter, our preclinical data support the hypothesis of a glutamatergic dysregulation being implicated in the etiology of depression.Numb directs the subcellular localization of EAAT3 through binding the YxNxxF motif.Excitatory amino acid transporter type 3 (EAAT3, also known as SLC1A1) is a high-affinity, Na(+)-dependent glutamate carrier that localizes primarily within the cell and at the apical plasma membrane. Although previous studies have reported proteins and sequence regions involved in EAAT3 trafficking, the detailed molecular mechanism by which EAAT3 is distributed to the correct location still remains elusive. Here, we identify that the YVNGGF sequence in the C-terminus of EAAT3 is responsible for its intracellular localization and apical sorting in rat hepatoma cells CRL1601 and Madin-Darby canine kidney (MDCK) cells, respectively. We further demonstrate that Numb, a clathrin adaptor protein, directly binds the YVNGGF motif and regulates the localization of EAAT3. Mutation of Y503, N505 and F508 within the YVNGGF motif to alanine residues or silencing Numb by use of small interfering RNA (siRNA) results in the aberrant localization of EAAT3. Moreover, both Numb and the YVNGGF motif mediate EAAT3 endocytosis in CRL1601 cells. In summary, our study suggests that Numb is a pivotal adaptor protein that mediates the subcellular localization of EAAT3 through binding the YxNxxF (where x stands for any amino acid) motif.Genetic variation in neuronal glutamate transport genes and associations with posttraumatic seizure.Posttraumatic seizures (PTS) commonly occur following severe traumatic brain injury (sTBI). Risk factors for PTS have been identified, but variability in who develops PTS remains. Excitotoxicity may influence epileptogenesis following sTBI. Glutamate transporters manage glutamate levels and excitatory neurotransmission, and they have been associated with both epilepsy and TBI. Therefore, we aimed to determine if genetic variation in neuronal glutamate transporter genes is associated with accelerated epileptogenesis and increased PTS risk after sTBI.
Individuals (N = 253) 18-75 years of age with sTBI were assessed for genetic relationships with PTS. Single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) within SLC1A1 and SLC1A6 were assayed. Kaplan-Meier estimates and log-rank statistics were used to compare seizure rates from injury to 3 years postinjury for SNPs by genotype. Hazard ratios (HRs) were estimated using Cox proportional hazards regression for SNPs significant in Kaplan-Meier analyses adjusting for known PTS risk factors.
Thirty-two tagging SNPs were examined (SLC1A1: n = 28, SLC1A6: n = 4). Forty-nine subjects (19.37%) had PTS. Of these, 18 (36.7%) seized within 7 days, and 31 (63.3%) seized between 8 days and 3 years post-TBI. With correction for multiple comparisons, genotypes at SNP rs10974620 (SLC1A1) were significantly associated with time to first seizure across the full 3-year follow-up (seizure rates: 77.1% minor allele homozygotes, 24.8% heterozygotes, 16.6% major allele homozygotes; p = 0.001). When seizure follow-up began day 2 postinjury, genotypes at SNP rs7858819 (SLC1A1) were significantly associated with PTS risk (seizure rates: 52.7% minor allele homozygotes, 11.8% heterozygotes, 21.1% major allele homozygotes; p = 0.002). After adjusting for covariates, we found that rs10974620 remained significant (p = 0.017, minor allele versus major allele homozygotes HR 3.4, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.3-9.3). rs7858819 also remained significant in adjusted models (p = 0.023, minor allele versus major allele homozygotes HR 3.4, 95%CI 1.1-10.5).
Variations within SLC1A1 are associated with risk of epileptogenesis following sTBI. Future studies need to confirm findings, but variation within neuronal glutamate transporter genes may represent a possible pharmaceutical target for PTS prevention and treatment.SLC1A1 Gene Variants and Normal Tension Glaucoma: An Association Study.It has been hypothesized that dysfunction of the solute carrier family 1, member1 gene (SLC1A1), which encodes the glutamate aspartate transporter, may play a role in normal tension glaucoma. In this study we investigate whether SLC1A1 is associated with normal tension glaucoma in Japanese patients.
A total of 292 Japanese patients with normal tension glaucoma and 500 healthy control subjects were recruited. We genotyped 12 single-nucleotide polymorphisms in SLC1A1. We also performed an imputation analysis to evaluate the potential association of un-genotyped SLC1A1 single-nucleotide polymorphisms, and 165 single-nucleotide polymorphisms were imputed.
We observed an increased frequency of the G allele of rs10739062 in patients compared to controls (p = 0.043, OR = 1.25). The rs10739062 polymorphism exhibited a dominant effect: individuals with genotype GG and GC showed a 1.91-fold increase in risk compared to genotype CC (p = 0.0082). However, the statistical significance disappeared after Bonferroni correction for multiple testing (pc > 0.05). We did not find any significant association between any of the remaining 176 single-nucleotide polymorphisms and disease risk.
Our study showed a lack of association between SLC1A1 variants and normal tension glaucoma in Japanese patients, suggesting that the SLC1A1 gene does not play a critical role in the development of the disorder in this patient population. However, further genetic studies with larger sample sizes are needed to clarify whether SLC1A1 may make some contribution that affects the risk of developing normal tension glaucoma.CDX2 increases SLC7A7 expression and proliferation of pig intestinal epithelial cells.Nutrient absorption mediated by nutrient transporters expressed in the intestinal epithelium supplies substrates to support intestinal processes, including epithelial cell proliferation. We evaluated the role of Caudal type homeobox 2 (CDX2), an intestine-specific transcription factor, in the proliferation of pig intestinal epithelial cells (IPEC-1) and searched for novel intestinal nutrient transporter genes activated by CDX2. Our cloned pig CDX2 cDNA contains a "homeobox" DNA binding motif, suggesting it is a transcriptional activator. CDX2 overexpression in IPEC-1 cells increased cell proliferation, the percentage of cells in S/G2 phase, and the abundance of transcripts of the cell cycle-related genes Cyclin A2; Cyclin B; Cyclin D2; proliferating cell nuclear antigen; and cell cycle cyclin-dependent kinases 1, 2 and 4, as well as the predicted CDX2 target genes SLC1A1, SLC5A1 and SLC7A7. In addition, luciferase reporter and chromatin immunoprecipitation assays revealed that CDX2 binds directly to the SLC7A7 promoter. This is the first report of CDX2 function in pig intestinal epithelial cells and identifies SLC7A7 as a novel CDX2 target gene. Our findings show that nutrient transporters are activated during CDX2-induced proliferation of normal intestinal epithelial cells.Novel genetic causes for cerebral visual impairment.Cerebral visual impairment (CVI) is a major cause of low vision in children due to impairment in projection and/or interpretation of the visual input in the brain. Although acquired causes for CVI are well known, genetic causes underlying CVI are largely unidentified. DNAs of 25 patients with CVI and intellectual disability, but without acquired (eg, perinatal) damage, were investigated by whole-exome sequencing. The data were analyzed for de novo, autosomal-recessive, and X-linked variants, and subsequently classified into known, candidate, or unlikely to be associated with CVI. This classification was based on the Online Mendelian Inheritance in Man database, literature reports, variant characteristics, and functional relevance of the gene. After classification, variants in four genes known to be associated with CVI (AHDC1, NGLY1, NR2F1, PGAP1) in 5 patients (20%) were identified, establishing a conclusive genetic diagnosis for CVI. In addition, in 11 patients (44%) with CVI, variants in one or more candidate genes were identified (ACP6, AMOT, ARHGEF10L, ATP6V1A, DCAF6, DLG4, GABRB2, GRIN1, GRIN2B, KCNQ3, KCTD19, RERE, SLC1A1, SLC25A16, SLC35A2, SOX5, UFSP2, UHMK1, ZFP30). Our findings show that diverse genetic causes underlie CVI, some of which will provide insight into the biology underlying this disease process.Caveolin-1 Sensitivity of Excitatory Amino Acid Transporters EAAT1, EAAT2, EAAT3, and EAAT4.Excitatory amino acid transporters EAAT1 (SLC1A3), EAAT2 (SLC1A2), EAAT3 (SLC1A1), and EAAT4 (SLC1A6) serve to clear L-glutamate from the synaptic cleft and are thus important for the limitation of neuronal excitation. EAAT3 has previously been shown to form complexes with caveolin-1, a major component of caveolae, which participate in the regulation of transport proteins. The present study explored the impact of caveolin-1 on electrogenic transport by excitatory amino acid transporter isoforms EAAT1-4. To this end cRNA encoding EAAT1, EAAT2, EAAT3, or EAAT4 was injected into Xenopus oocytes without or with additional injection of cRNA encoding caveolin-1. The L-glutamate (2 mM)-induced inward current (I Glu) was taken as a measure of glutamate transport. As a result, I Glu was observed in EAAT1-, EAAT2-, EAAT3-, or EAAT4-expressing oocytes but not in water-injected oocytes, and was significantly decreased by coexpression of caveolin-1. Caveolin-1 decreased significantly the maximal transport rate. Treatment of EAATs-expressing oocytes with brefeldin A (5 µM) was followed by a decrease in conductance, which was similar in oocytes expressing EAAT together with caveolin-1 as in oocytes expressing EAAT1-4 alone. Thus, caveolin-1 apparently does not accelerate transporter protein retrieval from the cell membrane. In conclusion, caveolin-1 is a powerful negative regulator of the excitatory glutamate transporters EAAT1, EAAT2, EAAT3, and EAAT4.Strong association of SLC1A1 and DPF3 gene variants with idiopathic male infertility in Han Chinese.Male infertility is a multifactorial syndrome encompassing a wide variety of disorders. In recent years, several genome-wide single-nucleotide polymorphism (SNP) association studies (GWAS) have been performed on azoospermia and/or oligozoospermia in different populations including two GWAS on nonobstructive azoospermia in China; however, the association of SNPs with idiopathic male infertility, especially asthenozoospermia and oligozoospermia, and their correlation with semen parameters are still not clear. To investigate genetic variants associated with idiopathic male infertility (asthenozoospermia, oligozoospermia, and oligoasthenozoospermia) in Chinese Han people, 20 candidate SNPs were selected from GWAS results and genotyped using the Sequenom MassARRAY assay. A total of 136 subfertile men and 456 healthy fertile men were recruited. rs6476866 in SLC1A1 (P = 1.919E-4, OR = 0.5905, 95% CI: 0.447-0.78) and rs10129954 in DPF3 (P = 0.0023, OR = 2.199, 95% CI: 1.311-3.689) were strongly associated with idiopathic male infertility. In addition, positive associations were observed between asthenozoospermia and rs215702 in LSM5 (P = 0.0016, OR = 1.479, 95% CI: 1.075-2.033) and between oligoasthenozoospermia and rs2477686 in PEX10 (P = 0.0011, OR = 2.935, 95% CI: 1.492-5.775). In addition, six SNPs (rs215702 in LSM5, rs6476866 in SLC1A1, rs10129954 in DPF3, rs1801133 in MTHFR, rs2477686 in PEX10, and rs10841496 in PED3A) were significantly correlated with semen quality alterations. Our results suggest that idiopathic male infertility in different ethnic groups may share the same mechanism or pathway. Cohort expansion and further mechanistic studies on the role of genetic factors that influence spermatogenesis and sperm progressive motility are suggested.EAAT3 promotes amino acid transport and proliferation of porcine intestinal epithelial cells.Excitatory amino acid transporter 3 (EAAT3, encoded by SLC1A1) is an epithelial type high-affinity anionic amino acid transporter, and glutamate is the major oxidative fuel for intestinal epithelial cells. This study investigated the effects of EAAT3 on amino acid transport and cell proliferation through activation of the mammalian target of the rapamycin (mTOR) pathway in porcine jejunal epithelial cells (IPEC-J2). Anionic amino acid and cystine (Cys) transport were increased (P<0.05) by EAAT3 overexpression and decreased (P<0.05) by EAAT3 knockdown rather than other amino acids. MTT and cell counting assays suggested that IPEC-J2 cell proliferation increased (P<0.05) with EAAT3 overexpression. Phosphorylation of mTOR (Ser2448), ribosomal protein S6 kinase-1 (S6K1, Thr389) and eukaryotic initiation factor 4E-binding protein-1 (4EBP1, Thr70) was increased by EAAT3 overexpression and decreased by EAAT3 knockdown (P<0.05), as were levels of activating transcription factor 4 (ATF4) and cystine/glutamate antiporter (xCT) (P<0.05). Our results demonstrate for the first time that EAAT3 facilitates anionic amino acid transport and activates the mTOR pathway, promoting Cys transport and IPEC-J2 cell proliferation.1,25-Dihydroxyvitamin D induces the glutamate transporter SLC1A1 and alters glutamate handling in non-transformed mammary cells.Genomic profiling of immortalized human mammary epithelial (hTERT-HME1) cells identified several metabolic genes, including the membrane glutamate transporter, SLC1A1, as 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D3 (1,25D) regulated. In these studies we have surveyed the effects of 1,25D on known glutamate transporters and evaluated its impact on cellular glutamate handling. We confirm that expression of SLC1A1 and all of its known transcript variants are significantly upregulated in hTERT-HME1 cells following 1,25D treatment. Expression of the full-length cognate protein, EAAT3, is correspondingly increased in 1,25D treated hTERT-HME1 cells. Under the same conditions, the expression of two other glutamate transporters--SLC1A6 (EAAT4) and SLC1A2 (EAAT2 or GLT-1)--is enhanced by 1,25D while that of SLC1A3 (EAAT1 or GLAST) and SLC7A11 (xCT) is decreased. Glutamate is not essential for growth of hTERT-HME1 cells, and supplemental glutamate (up to 0.5 mM) does not abrogate the growth inhibitory effects of 1,25D. These data suggest that extracellular glutamate is not a major contributor to cellular energy metabolism in hTERT-HME1 cells under basal conditions and that the growth inhibitory effects of 1,25D are not secondary to its effects on glutamate handling. Instead, the effects of 1,25D on glutamate transporters translated to a decrease in cellular glutamate concentration and an increase in media glutamate concentration, suggesting that one or more of these transporters functions to export glutamate in response to 1,25D exposure. The reduced cellular glutamate concentration may also reflect its incorporation into the cellular glutathione (GSH) pool, which is increased upon 1,25D treatment. In support of this concept, the expression of GCLC (which codes for the rate-limiting enzyme in GSH synthesis) and genes which generate reducing equivalents in the form of NADPH (ie, G6PD, PGD, IDH2) are elevated in 1,25D-treated cells. Taken together, these data identify 1,25D as a physiological regulator of multiple membrane glutamate transporters that impacts on overall cellular glutamate handling.Analysis of Potential Amino Acid Biomarkers in Brain Tissue and the Effect of Galangin on Cerebral Ischemia.Galangin, a potent scavenger of free radicals, has been used as an herbal medicine for various ailments for centuries in Asia. With complex pathophysiology, ischemic stroke is one of the most frequent causes of death and disability worldwide. We have reported that galangin provides direct protection against ischemic injury as a potential neuroprotective agent and has potential therapeutic effects on the changes of serum amino acids in ischemic stroke; however, the mechanism of the changes of amino acids in the ischemic brain tissue has not yet been clarified. In this paper, we explored brain tissue amino acid biomarkers in the acute phase of cerebral ischemia and the effect of galangin on those potential biomarkers. Finally, we identified that glutamic acid, alanine and aspartic acid showed significant changes (p < 0.05 or p < 0.01) in galangin-treated groups compared with vehicle-treated rats and the four enzymes associated with these three AAs' metabolic pathways; GLUD1, SLC16A10, SLC1A1 and GPT were identified by multiplex interactions with the three amino acids. By metabolite-protein network analysis and molecular docking, six of 28 proteins were identified and might become potential galangin biomarkers for acute ischemic stroke. The data in our study provides thoughts for exploring the mechanism of disease, discovering new targets for drug candidates and elucidating the related regulatory signal network.Does mouse embryo primordial germ cell activation start before implantation as suggested by single-cell transcriptomics dynamics?Does primordial germ cell (PGC) activation start before mouse embryo implantation, and does the possible regulation of the DNA (cytosine-5-)-methyltransferase 3-like (Dnmt3l) by transcription factor AP-2, gamma (TCFAP2C) have a role in this activation and in the primitive endoderm (PE)-epiblast (EPI) lineage specification?
A burst of expression of PGC markers, such as Dppa3/Stella, Ifitm2/Fragilis, Fkbp6 and Prdm4, is observed from embryonic day (E) 3.25, and some of them, together with the late germ cell markers Zp3, Mcf2 and Morc1, become restricted to the EPI subpopulation at E4.5, while the dynamics analysis of the PE-EPI transitions in the single-cell data suggests that TCFAP2C transitorily represses Dnmt3l in EPI cells at E3.5 and such repression is withdrawn with reactivation of Dnmt3l expression in PE and EPI cells at E4.5.
In the mouse preimplantation embryo, cells with the same phenotype take different fates based on the orchestration between topological clues (cell polarity, positional history and division orientation) and gene regulatory rules (at transcriptomics and epigenomics level), prompting the proposal of positional, stochastic and combined models explaining the specification mechanism. PGC specification starts at E6.0-6.5 post-implantation. In view of the important role of DNA methylation in developmental events, the cross-talk between some transcription factors and DNA methyltransferases is of particular relevance. TCFAP2C has a CpG DNA methylation motif that is not methylated in pluripotent cells and that could potentially bind on DNMT3L, the stimulatory DNA methyltransferase co-factor that assists in the process of de novo DNA methylation. Chromatin-immunoprecipitation analysis has demonstrated that Dnmt3l is indeed a target of TCFAP2C.
We aimed to assess the timing of early preimplantation events and to understand better the segregation of the inner cell mass (ICM) into PE and EPI. We designed a single-cell transcriptomics dynamics computational study to identify markers of the PE-EPI bifurcation in ICM cells through searching for statistically significant (using the Student's t-test method) differently expressed genes (DEGs) between PE and EPI cells from E3.5 to E4.5. The DEGs common for E3.5 and E4.5 were used as the markers defining the steady states. We collected microarray and next-generation sequencing transcriptomics data from public databases from bulk populations and single cells from mice at E3.25, E3.5 and E4.5. The results are based on three independent single-cell transcriptomics data sets, with a fold change of 3 and P-value <0.01 for the DEG selection.
The dynamics analysis revealed new transitory E3.5 and steady PE and EPI markers. Among the transitory E3.5 PE markers (Dnmt3l, Dusp4, Cpne8, Akap13, Dcaf12l1, Aaed1, B4galt6, BC100530, Rnpc3, Tfpi, Lgalsl, Ckap4 and Fbxl20), several (Dusp4, Akap13, Cpn8, Dcaf12l1 and Tfpi) are related to the extracellular regulated kinase pathway. We also identified new transitory E3.5 EPI markers (Sgk1, Mal, Ubxn2a, Atg16l2, Gm13102, Tcfap2c, Hexb, Slc1a1, Svip, Liph and Mier3), six new stable PE markers (Sdc4, Cpn1, Dkk1, Havcr1, F2r/Par1 and Slc7a6os) as well as three new stable EPI markers (Zp3, Mcf2 and Hexb), which are known to be late stage germ cell markers. We found that mouse PGC marker activation starts at least at E3.25 preimplantation. The transcriptomics dynamics analyses support the regulation of Dnmt3l expression by TCFAP2C.
Since the regulation of Dnmt3l by TCFAP2C is based on computational prediction of DNA methylation motifs, Chip-Seq and transcriptomics data, functional studies are required to validate this result.
We identified a collection of previously undescribed E3.5-specific PE and EPI markers, and new steady PE and EPI markers. Identification of these genes, many of which encode cell membrane proteins, will facilitate the isolation and characterization of early PE and EPI populations. Since it is so well established in the literature that mouse PGC specification is a post-implantation event, it was surprising for us to see activation of PGC markers as early as E3.25 preimplantation, and identify the newly found steady EPI markers as late germ cell markers. The discovery of such early activation of PGC markers has important implications in the derivation of germ cells from pluripotent cells (embryonic stem cells or induced pluripotent stem cells), since the initial stages of such derivation resemble early development. The early activation of PGC markers points out the difficulty of separating PGC cells from pluripotent populations. Collectively, our results suggest that the combining of the precision of single-cell omics data with dynamic analysis of time-series data can establish the timing of some developmental stages as earlier than previously thought.
Not applicable.
This work was supported by grants DFG15/14 and DFG15/020 from Diputación Foral de Gipuzkoa (Spain), and grant II14/00016 from I + D + I National Plan 2013-2016 (Spain) and FEDER funds. The authors declare no conflict of interest.DNA Methylation at the Neonatal State and at the Time of Diagnosis: Preliminary Support for an Association with the Estrogen Receptor 1, Gamma-Aminobutyric Acid B Receptor 1, and Myelin Oligodendrocyte Glycoprotein in Female Adolescent Patients with OCD.Obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD) is a neuropsychiatric disorder. Non-genetic factors and their interaction with genes have attracted increasing attention. Epigenetics is regarded an important interface between environmental signals and activation/repression of genomic responses. Epigenetic mechanisms have not previously been examined in OCD in children and adolescents. The aim of the present study was to examine the DNA methylation profile of selected genes in blood spots from neonates later diagnosed with OCD and in the same children/adolescents at the time of diagnosis compared with age- and sex-matched controls. Furthermore, we wanted to characterize the association of the differential methylation profiles with the severity of OCD and treatment outcome. Dried and new blood spot samples were obtained from 21 female children/adolescents with verified OCD and 12 female controls. The differential methylation was analyzed using a linear model and the correlation with the severity of OCD and treatment outcome was analyzed using the Pearson correlation. We evaluated selected Illumina Infinium HumanMethylation450 BeadChip probes within and up to 100,000 bp up- and downstream of 14 genes previously associated with OCD (SLC1A1, SLC25A12, GABBR1, GAD1, DLGAP1, MOG, BDNF, OLIG2, NTRK2 and 3, ESR1, SL6A4, TPH2, and COMT). The study found no significantly differential methylation. However, preliminary support for a difference was found for the gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA) B receptor 1 (cg10234998, cg17099072) in blood samples at birth and for the estrogen receptor 1 (ESR1) (cg10939667), the myelin oligodendrocyte glycoprotein (MOG) (cg16650906), and the brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) (cg14080521) in blood samples at the time of diagnosis. Preliminary support for an association was observed between the methylation profiles of GABBR1 and MOG and baseline severity, treatment effect, and responder status; and between the methylation profile of ESR1 and baseline severity. To our knowledge, this is the first study to examine the DNA methylation profiles in OCD. The study points towards possible differences in the methylation profiles and suggests a correlation with the severity of OCD. However, the results warrant further studies in larger sample sets.Association between genetic variants related to glutamatergic, dopaminergic and neurodevelopment pathways and white matter microstructure in child and adolescent patients with obsessive-compulsive disorder.Alterations in white matter (WM) integrity observed in patients with obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD) may be at least partly determined genetically. Neuroimaging measures of WM microstructure could serve as promising intermediate phenotypes for genetic analysis of the disorder. The objective of the present study was to explore the association between variability in genes related to the pathophysiology of OCD and altered WM microstructure previously identified in child and adolescent patients with the disease.
Fractional anisotropy (FA) and mean diffusivity (MD) measured by diffusion tensor imaging (DTI) and 262 single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) in 35 candidate genes were assessed concomitantly in 54 child and adolescent OCD patients.
Six polymorphisms located in the glutamate transporter gene (SLC1A1 rs3087879), dopamine transporter gene (SLC6A3 rs4975646), dopamine receptor D3 (DRD3 rs3773679), nerve growth factor receptor gene (NGFR rs734194 and rs2072446), and cadherin 9 gene (CDH9 rs6885387) showed significant p-values after Bonferroni correction (p≤0.00019). More specifically, the vast majority of these associations were detected with MD in the right and left anterior and posterior cerebellar lobes.
Patients were under pharmacological treatment at the time of the DTI examination. Sample size is limited.
The results provide the first evidence of the involvement of genetic variants related to glutamatergic, dopaminergic, and neurodevelopmental pathways in determining the WM microstructure of child and adolescent patients with OCD, which could be related to the neurobiology of the disorder.Characterization of a Novel Mutation in SLC1A1 Associated with Schizophrenia.We have recently described a hemi-deletion on chromosome 9p24.2 at the SLC1A1 gene locus and its co-segregation with schizophrenia in an extended Palauan pedigree. This finding represents a point of convergence for several pathophysiological models of schizophrenia. The present report sought to characterize the biological consequences of this hemi-deletion. Dual luciferase assays demonstrated that the partially deleted allele (lacking exon 1 and the native promoter) can drive expression of a 5'-truncated SLC1A1 using sequence upstream of exon 2 as a surrogate promoter. However, confocal microscopy and electrophysiological recordings demonstrate that the 5'-truncated SLC1A1 lacks normal membrane localization and glutamate transport ability. To identify downstream consequences of the hemi-deletion, we first used a themed qRT-PCR array to compare expression of 84 GABA and glutamate genes in RNA from peripheral blood leukocytes in deletion carriers (n = 11) versus noncarriers (n = 8) as well as deletion carriers with psychosis (n = 5) versus those without (n = 3). Then, targeted RNA-Seq (TREx) was used to quantify expression of 375 genes associated with neuropsychiatric disorders in HEK293 cells subjected to either knockdown of SLC1A1 or overexpression of full-length or 5'-truncated SLC1A1. Expression changes of several genes strongly implicated in schizophrenia pathophysiology were detected (e.g. SLC1A2, SLC1A3, SLC1A6, SLC7A11, GRIN2A, GRIA1 and DLX1).L-Glutamate Enhances Barrier and Antioxidative Functions in Intestinal Porcine Epithelial Cells.L-Glutamate (Glu) is a major amino acid in milk and postweaning diets for mammals (including pigs and human infants). However, effects of Glu on intestinal mucosal barrier and antioxidative functions are unknown.
This study tested the hypothesis that Glu may enhance the barrier function of intestinal porcine epithelial cell line 1 (IPEC-1) cells by upregulating the expression of tight junction proteins.
IPEC-1 cells were cultured with or without Glu in the presence or absence of 1 mmol/L diquat (an oxidant) for indicated time points. Cell numbers, transepithelial electrical resistance (TEER), mRNA, and protein abundance of glutamate transporter, the release of lactate dehydrogenase (LDH), and the abundance of tight junction proteins were determined.
Compared with 0 mmol/L Glu, 0.5-, 1-, and 2 mmol/L Glu stimulated (P < 0.05) cell growth by 13-37% at 24 h and 12-34% at 48 h, respectively. In addition, 0.5 mmol/L Glu increased (P < 0.05) TEER (by 58% at 24 h and by 98% at 48 h, respectively). These effects of Glu were associated with increased mRNA abundance of Glu transporter solute carrier family 1 member 1 (SLC1A1) by 30-130% and protein abundance of excitatory amino acid transporter 3 (encoded by SLC1A1) by 19-34%, respectively. In a cell model of oxidative stress induced by 1 mmol/L diquat, 0.5 mmol/L Glu enhanced cell viability, TEER, and membrane integrity (as indicated by the reduced release of LDH) in IPEC-1 cells by increasing the abundance of the tight junction proteins occludin, claudin-3, zonula occludens (ZO)-2, and ZO-3.
These findings indicate that Glu plays an important role in mucosal barrier function by enhancing cell growth and maintaining membrane integrity in response to oxidative stress.Gene Signatures of 1,25-Dihydroxyvitamin D3 Exposure in Normal and Transformed Mammary Cells.To elucidate potential mediators of vitamin D receptor (VDR) action in breast cancer, we profiled the genomic effects of its ligand 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D3 (1,25D) in cells derived from normal mammary tissue and breast cancer. In non-transformed hTERT-HME cells, 483 1,25D responsive entities in 42 pathways were identified, whereas in MCF7 breast cancer cells, 249 1,25D responsive entities in 31 pathways were identified. Only 21 annotated genes were commonly altered by 1,25D in both MCF7 and hTERT-HME cells. Gene set enrichment analysis highlighted eight pathways (including senescence/autophagy, TGFβ signaling, endochondral ossification, and adipogenesis) commonly altered by 1,25D in hTERT-HME and MCF7 cells. Regulation of a subset of immune (CD14, IL1RL1, MALL, CAMP, SEMA6D, TREM1, CSF1, IL33, TLR4) and metabolic (ITGB3, SLC1A1, G6PD, GLUL, HIF1A, KDR, BIRC3) genes by 1,25D was confirmed in hTERT-HME cells and similar changes were observed in another comparable non-transformed mammary cell line (HME cells). The effects of 1,25D on these genes were retained in HME cells expressing SV40 large T antigen but were selectively abrogated in HME cells expressing SV40 + RAS and in MCF7 cells. Integration of the datasets from hTERT-HME and MCF7 cells with publically available RNA-SEQ data from 1,25D treated SKBR3 breast cancer cells enabled identification of an 11-gene signature representative of 1,25D exposure in all three breast-derived cell lines. Four of these 11 genes (CYP24A1, CLMN, EFTUD1, and SERPINB1) were also identified as 1,25D responsive in human breast tumor explants, suggesting that this gene signature may prove useful as a biomarker of vitamin D exposure in breast tissue.Association between the efficacy of fluoxetine treatment in obsessive-compulsive disorder patients and SLC1A1 in a Han Chinese population.Comparative regulation of gene expression by 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D3 in cells derived from normal mammary tissue and breast cancer.Previous genomic profiling of immortalized, non-tumorigenic human breast epithelial cells identified a set of 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D3 (1,25D) regulated genes with potential relevance to breast cancer prevention. In this report, we characterized the effect of 1,25D on a subset of these genes in six cell lines derived from mammary tissue and breast cancers. Non-tumorigenic cell lines included hTERT-HME1, HME and MCF10A cells which are often used to model normal breast epithelial cells. Breast cancer cell lines included MCF7 cells (a model of early stage, estrogen-dependent disease), DCIS.com cells (a derivative of MCF10A cells that models in situ breast cancer) and Hs578T cells (a model of metastatic disease). All of these cell lines express the vitamin D receptor (VDR) and exhibit anti-cancer responses to 1,25D such as changes in proliferation, apoptosis, metabolism, or invasion. Our comparative data demonstrate highly variable responses to 1,25D (100nM, 24h) between the cell lines. In both hTERT-HME1 and HME cell lines, CYP24A1, SLC1A1 and ITGB3 were up-regulated whereas KDR, GLUL and BIRC3 were down-regulated in response to 1,25D. In contrast, no changes in SLC1A1, ITGB3 or GLUL expression were detected in 1,25D treated MCF10A cells although KDR and BIRC3 were down-regulated by 1,25D. The effects of 1,25D on these genes in the breast cancer cell lines were blunted, with the DCIS.com cells exhibiting the most similar responses to the immortalized hTERT-HME1 and HME cells. The differences in cellular responses were not due to general impairment in VDR function as robust CYP24A1 induction was observed in all cell lines. Thus, our data indicate that the genomic changes induced by 1,25D are highly cell-type specific even in model cell lines derived from the same tissue. The implication of these findings is that genomic responses to changes in vitamin D status in vivo are likely to be distinct from individual to individual, particularly in neoplastic tissue. This article is part of a Special Issue entitled '17th Vitamin D Workshop'.The glutamate transport inhibitor DL-Threo-β-Benzyloxyaspartic acid (DL-TBOA) differentially affects SN38- and oxaliplatin-induced death of drug-resistant colorectal cancer cells.Colorectal cancer (CRC) is a leading cause of cancer death globally and new biomarkers and treatments are severely needed.
Here, we employed HCT116 and LoVo human CRC cells made resistant to either SN38 or oxaliplatin, to investigate whether altered expression of the high affinity glutamate transporters Solute Carrier (SLC)-1A1 and -1A3 (EAAT3, EAAT1) is associated with the resistant phenotypes. Analyses included real-time quantitative PCR, immunoblotting and immunofluorescence analyses, radioactive tracer flux measurements, and biochemical analyses of cell viability and glutathione content. Results were evaluated using one- and two-way ANOVA and Students two-tailed t-test, as relevant.
In SN38-resistant HCT116 and LoVo cells, SLC1A1 expression was down-regulated ~60 % and up-regulated ~4-fold, respectively, at both mRNA and protein level, whereas SLC1A3 protein was undetectable. The changes in SLC1A1 expression were accompanied by parallel changes in DL-Threo-β-Benzyloxyaspartic acid (TBOA)-sensitive, UCPH101-insensitive [(3)H]-D-Aspartate uptake, consistent with increased activity of SLC1A1 (or other family members), yet not of SLC1A3. DL-TBOA co-treatment concentration-dependently augmented loss of cell viability induced by SN38, while strongly counteracting that induced by oxaliplatin, in both HCT116 and LoVo cells. This reflected neither altered expression of the oxaliplatin transporter Cu(2+)-transporter-1 (CTR1), nor changes in cellular reduced glutathione (GSH), although HCT116 cell resistance per se correlated with increased cellular GSH. DL-TBOA did not significantly alter cellular levels of p21, cleaved PARP-1, or phospho-Retinoblastoma protein, yet altered SLC1A1 subcellular localization, and reduced chemotherapy-induced p53 induction.
SLC1A1 expression and glutamate transporter activity are altered in SN38-resistant CRC cells. Importantly, the non-selective glutamate transporter inhibitor DL-TBOA reduces chemotherapy-induced p53 induction and augments CRC cell death induced by SN38, while attenuating that induced by oxaliplatin. These findings may point to novel treatment options in treatment-resistant CRC.Ethanol impairment of spontaneous alternation behaviour and associated changes in medial prefrontal glutamatergic gene expression precede putative markers of dependence.Cognitive impairments are observable in over half of cases with alcoholism, deficits in spatial working memory being particularly common. Previously we observed that rats make more alternation errors in a Y-maze test of spontaneous alternation behaviour/spatial working memory after 5-day intermittent ethanol. Here we used qPCR to quantify changes in gene expression accompanying this behavioural impairment. Male Wistar rats were treated with either saline or ethanol (1 or 2.5g/kg) for 5days followed by 2 drug-free days. Brains were dissected after Y-maze analysis and RNA was extracted from the medial prefrontal cortex, hippocampus and nucleus accumbens. Using the Qiagen GABA & Glutamate PCR array we measured changes in these two neurotransmitter systems. A dose of 1g/kg ethanol did not affect spontaneous alternation behaviour or any other behavioural variable. 2.5g/kg significantly decreased % correct alternations (p=0.028) without affecting total distance (p=0.54) and increased time in the choice area (p=0.023) at the Y-maze centre, indicating a possible impairment in decision-making. In the medial prefrontal cortex, 2.5g/kg ethanol decreased mRNA expression of brain-derived neurotrophic factor, NMDA NR2A subunit, mGluR8 receptor, Homer1, the glutamate transporters SLC1a1 and SLC1a6 and Srr. In the nucleus accumbens this dose did not affect mRNA expression of the dopamine D1 or D2 receptors but did upregulate the GABA transporter GAT-3. Even if only correlational, these data suggest that gene expression changes in the medial prefrontal cortex and associated cognitive impairment occur before adaptation of the dopaminergic system and, presumably, drug dependence.Variation in SLC1A1 is related to combat-related posttraumatic stress disorder.Candidate gene studies have yet to investigate the glutamate system, the primary excitatory neurotransmitter of the HPA-axis related to PTSD risk. We investigated 13 SNPs in the glutamate transporter gene (SLC1A1) in relation to PTSD among combat-exposed veterans. Participants (n=418) completed a diagnostic interview and provided a blood sample for DNA isolation and genotyping. A subset of participants (n=391) had severity and combat exposure data available. In the primary logistic regression gender and rs10739062 were significant predictors of PTSD diagnosis (OR=0.50; OR=1.43). In the linear regression analysis, combat exposure was the only significant predictor (β=0.16) of severity. A computed genetic risk sum score was significant in relation to PTSD diagnosis (OR=1.15) and severity scores (β=0.14) above and beyond the effects of combat exposure. This study provides preliminary support for the relationship of glutamate transporter polymorphisms to PTSD risk and the need for further genetic studies within this system.Synergistic association of PI4KA and GRM3 genetic polymorphisms with poor antipsychotic response in south Indian schizophrenia patients with low severity of illness.Literature indicates key role of glutamatergic pathway genes in antipsychotic response among schizophrenia patients. However, molecular basis of their underlying role in antipsychotic response remained unexplained. Thus, to unravel their molecular underpinnings, we sought to investigate interactions amongst GRM3, SLC1A1, SLC1A2, SLC1A3, SLC1A4 gene polymorphisms with drug response in south Indian schizophrenia patients. We genotyped 48 SNPs from these genes in 423 schizophrenia patients stratified into low and high severity of illness groups. The SNPs and haplotypic combinations of associated SNPs were examined for their association with antipsychotic response. Multifactor-dimensionality-reduction was further used to explore gene-gene interaction among these SNPs and 53 SNPs from previously studied genes (BDNF, RGS4, SLC6A3, PI4KA, and PIP4K2A). Single SNP and haplotype analyses revealed no significant association with drug response irrespective of severity of illness. Gene-gene interaction analyses yielded promising leads, including an observed synergistic effect between PI4KA_rs165854 and GRM3_rs1468412 polymorphisms and incomplete antipsychotic response in schizophrenia patients with low severity of illness (OR = 12.4; 95%CI = 3.69-41.69). Further, this interaction was also observed in atypical monotherapy (n = 355) and risperidone (n = 260) treatment subgroups (OR = 11.21; 95%CI = 3.30-38.12 and OR = 13.5; 95%CI = 3.03-121.61 respectively). PI4KA is known to be involved in the biosynthesis of phosphatidylinositol-4, 5-bisphosphate which regulates exocytotic fusion of synaptic vesicles (glutamate, dopamine) with the plasma membrane and regulates duration of signal transduction of GPCRs. Whereas GRM3 regulates glutamate and dopamine transmission. Present findings indicate that PI4KA and GRM3 polymorphisms have potential to jointly modulate antipsychotic response. These results warrant additional replication studies to shed further light on these interactions.NTRK2 expression levels are reduced in laser captured pyramidal neurons from the anterior cingulate cortex in males with autism spectrum disorder.The anterior cingulate cortex (ACC) is a brain area involved in modulating behavior associated with social interaction, disruption of which is a core feature of autism spectrum disorder (ASD). Functional brain imaging studies demonstrate abnormalities of the ACC in ASD as compared to typically developing control patients. However, little is known regarding the cellular basis of these functional deficits in ASD. Pyramidal neurons in the ACC are excitatory glutamatergic neurons and key cellular mediators of the neural output of the ACC. This study was designed to investigate the potential role of ACC pyramidal neurons in ASD brain pathology.
Postmortem ACC tissue from carefully matched ASD and typically developing control donors was obtained from two national brain collections. Pyramidal neurons and surrounding astrocytes were separately collected from layer III of the ACC by laser capture microdissection. Isolated RNA was subjected to reverse transcription and endpoint PCR to determine gene expression levels for 16 synaptic genes relevant to glutamatergic neurotransmission. Cells were also collected from the prefrontal cortex (Brodmann area 10) to examine those genes demonstrating differences in expression in the ACC comparing typically developing and ASD donors.
The level of NTRK2 expression was robustly and significantly lower in pyramidal neurons from ASD donors as compared to typically developing donors. Levels of expression of GRIN1, GRM8, SLC1A1, and GRIP1 were modestly lower in pyramidal neurons from ASD donors, but statistical significance for these latter genes did not survive correction for multiple comparisons. No significant expression differences of any genes were found in astrocytes laser captured from the same neocortical area. In addition, expression levels of NTRK2 and other synaptic genes were normal in pyramidal neurons laser captured from the prefrontal cortex.
These studies demonstrate a unique pathology of neocortical pyramidal neurons of the ACC in ASD. NTRK2 encodes the tropomyosin receptor kinase B (TrkB), transmission through which neurotrophic factors modify differentiation, plasticity, and synaptic transmission. Reduced pyramidal neuron NTRK2 expression in the ACC could thereby contribute to abnormal neuronal activity and disrupt social behavior mediated by this brain region.Ethanol treatment of lymphoblastoid cell lines from alcoholics and non-alcoholics causes many subtle changes in gene expression.To elucidate the effects of a controlled exposure to ethanol on gene expression, we studied lymphoblastoid cell lines (LCLs) from 21 alcoholics and 21 controls. We cultured each cell line for 24 h with and without 75 mM ethanol and measured gene expression using microarrays. Differences in expression between LCLs from alcoholics and controls included 13 genes previously identified as associated with alcoholism or related traits, including KCNA3, DICER1, ZNF415, CAT, SLC9A9, and PPARGC1B. The paired design allowed us to detect very small changes due to ethanol treatment: ethanol altered the expression of 37% of the probe sets (51% of the unique named genes) expressed in these LCLs, most by modest amounts. Ninety-nine percent of the named genes expressed in the LCLs were also expressed in brain. Key pathways affected by ethanol include cytokine, TNF, and NFκB signaling. Among the genes affected by ethanol were ANK3, EPHB1, SLC1A1, SLC9A9, NRD1, and SH3BP5, which were reported to be associated with alcoholism or related phenotypes in 2 genome-wide association studies. Genes that either differed in expression between alcoholics and controls or were affected by ethanol exposure are candidates for further study.Hypoxia-inducible factors enhance glutamate signaling in cancer cells.Signaling through glutamate receptors has been reported in human cancers, but the molecular mechanisms are not fully delineated. We report that in hepatocellular carcinoma and clear cell renal carcinoma cells, increased activity of hypoxia-inducible factors (HIFs) due to hypoxia or VHL loss-of-function, respectively, augmented release of glutamate, which was mediated by HIF-dependent expression of the SLC1A1 and SLC1A3 genes encoding glutamate transporters. In addition, HIFs coordinately regulated expression of the GRIA2 and GRIA3 genes, which encode glutamate receptors. Binding of glutamate to its receptors activated SRC family kinases and downstream pathways, which stimulated cancer cell proliferation, apoptosis resistance, migration and invasion in different cancer cell lines. Thus, coordinate regulation of glutamate transporters and receptors by HIFs was sufficient to activate key signal transduction pathways that promote cancer progression.Imaging genetics in obsessive-compulsive disorder: linking genetic variations to alterations in neuroimaging.Obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD) occurs in ∼1-3% of the general population, and its often rather early onset causes major disabilities in the everyday lives of patients. Although the heritability of OCD is between 35 and 65%, many linkage, association, and genome-wide association studies have failed to identify single genes that exhibit high effect sizes. Several neuroimaging studies have revealed structural and functional alterations mainly in cortico-striato-thalamic loops. However, there is also marked heterogeneity across studies. These inconsistencies in genetic and neuroimaging studies may be due to the heterogeneous and complex phenotypes of OCD. Under the consideration that genetic variants may also influence neuroimaging in OCD, researchers have started to combine both domains in the field of imaging genetics. Here, we conducted a systematic search of PubMed and Google Scholar literature for articles that address genetic imaging in OCD and related disorders (published through March 2014). We selected 8 publications that describe the combination of imaging genetics with OCD, and extended it with 43 publications of comorbid psychiatric disorders. The most promising findings of this systematic review point to the involvement of variants in genes involved in the serotonergic (5-HTTLPR, HTR2A), dopaminergic (COMT, DAT), and glutamatergic (SLC1A1, SAPAP) systems. However, the field of imaging genetics must be further explored, best through investigations that combine multimodal imaging techniques with genetic profiling, particularly profiling techniques that employ polygenetic approaches, with much larger sample sizes than have been used up to now.Changes in the expression of the glutamate transporter EAAT3/EAAC1 in health and disease.Excitatory amino acid transporters (EAATs) are high-affinity Na(+)-dependent carriers of major importance in maintaining glutamate homeostasis in the central nervous system. EAAT3, the human counterpart of the rodent excitatory amino acid carrier 1 (EAAC1), is encoded by the SLC1A1 gene. EAAT3/EAAC1 is ubiquitously expressed in the brain, mostly in neurons but also in other cell types, such as oligodendrocyte precursors. While most of the glutamate released in the synapses is taken up by the "glial-type" EAATs, EAAT2 (GLT-1 in rodents) and EAAT1 (GLAST), the functional role of EAAT3/EAAC1 is related to the subtle regulation of glutamatergic transmission. Moreover, because it can also transport cysteine, EAAT3/EAAC1 is believed to be important for the synthesis of intracellular glutathione and subsequent protection from oxidative stress. In contrast to other EAATs, EAAT3/EAAC1 is mostly intracellular, and several mechanisms have been described for the rapid regulation of the membrane trafficking of the transporter. Moreover, the carrier interacts with several proteins, and this interaction modulates transport activity. Much less is known about the slow regulatory mechanisms acting on the expression of the transporter, although several recent reports have identified changes in EAAT3/EAAC1 protein level and activity related to modulation of its expression at the gene level. Moreover, EAAT3/EAAC1 expression is altered in pathological conditions, such as hypoxia/ischemia, multiple sclerosis, schizophrenia, and epilepsy. This review summarizes these results and provides an overall picture of changes in EAAT3/EAAC1 expression in health and disease.Adult neuropsychiatric expression and familial segregation of 2q13 duplications.New genomic disorders associated with large, rare, recurrent copy number variations (CNVs) are being discovered at a rapid pace. Detailed phenotyping and family studies are rare, however, as are data on adult phenotypic expression. Duplications at 2q13 were recently identified as risk factors for developmental delay/autism and reported in the prenatal setting, yet few individuals (all children) have been extensively phenotyped. During a genome-wide CNV study of schizophrenia, we identified two unrelated probands with 2q13 duplications. In this study, detailed phenotyping and genotyping using high-resolution microarrays was performed for 12 individuals across their two families. 2q13 duplications were present in six adults, and co-segregated with clinically significant later-onset neuropsychiatric disorders. Convergent lines of evidence implicated GABAminergic dysfunction. Analysis of the genic content revealed promising candidates for neuropsychiatric disease, including BCL2L11, ANAPC1, and MERTK. Intrafamilial genetic heterogeneity and "second hits" in one family may have been the consequence of assortative mating. Clinical genetic testing for the 2q13 duplication and the associated genetic counseling was well received. In summary, large rare 2q13 duplications appear to be associated with variable adult neuropsychiatric and other expression. The findings represent progress toward clinical translation of research results in schizophrenia. There are implications for other emerging genomic disorders where there is interest in lifelong expression.A single nucleotide polymorphism in SLC1A1 gene is associated with age of onset of obsessive-compulsive disorder.Different genetic polymorphisms in the SLC1A1 have been shown to be associated with obsessive-compulsive disorder. Rs301430 is a T/C functional polymorphism affecting the gene expression and extrasynaptic glutamate concentration.We observed that Rs301430 influence age at onset in obsessive-compulsive disorder.Widespread microRNA dysregulation in multiple system atrophy - disease-related alteration in miR-96.MicroRNA (miRNA) are short sequences of RNA that function as post-transcriptional regulators by binding to target mRNA transcripts resulting in translational repression. A number of recent studies have identified miRNA as being involved in neurodegenerative disorders including Alzheimer's disease, Parkinson's disease and Huntington's disease. However, the role of miRNA in multiple system atrophy (MSA), a progressive neurodegenerative disorder characterized by oligodendroglial accumulation of alpha-synuclein remains unexamined. In this context, this study examined miRNA profiles in MSA cases compared with controls and in transgenic (tg) models of MSA compared with non-tg mice. The results demonstrate a widespread dysregulation of miRNA in MSA cases, which is recapitulated in the murine models. The study employed a cross-disease, cross-species approach to identify miRNA that were either specifically dysregulated in MSA or were commonly dysregulated in neurodegenerative conditions such as Alzheimer's disease, dementia with Lewy bodies, progressive supranuclear palsy and corticobasal degeneration or the tg mouse model equivalents of these disorders. Using this approach we identified a number of miRNA that were commonly dysregulated between disorders and those that were disease-specific. Moreover, we identified miR-96 as being up-regulated in MSA. Consistent with the up-regulation of miR-96, mRNA and protein levels of members of the solute carrier protein family SLC1A1 and SLC6A6, miR-96 target genes, were down-regulated in MSA cases and a tg model of MSA. These results suggest that miR-96 dysregulation may play a role in MSA and its target genes may be involved in the pathogenesis of MSA.Dietary arginine supplementation enhances intestinal expression of SLC7A7 and SLC7A1 and ameliorates growth depression in mycotoxin-challenged pigs.This study tested the hypothesis that dietary L-arginine supplementation confers beneficial effects on growing pigs fed a mold-contaminated diet. The measured variables included: (1) the average daily weight gain and feed:gain ratio; (2) activities of total superoxide dismutase, glutathione peroxidase, diamine oxidase, as well as amino acid and D-lactate concentrations in serum; (3) intestinal morphology; (4) expression of the genes for SLC7A7 (amino acid transporter light chain, y(+L) system, family 7, member 7), SLC7A1 (cationic amino acid transporter, y(+) system, family 7, member 1), SLC1A1 (neuronal/epithelial high affinity glutamate transporter, system XAG, member 1), SLC5A1 (sodium/glucose cotransporter, family 5, member 1) in the ileum and jejunum. Mycotoxins in feedstuffs resulted in an enlarged small intestine mass, oxidative injury in tissues, and reduced growth performance in pigs. Dietary arginine supplementation enhanced (P < 0.05) expression of jejunal SLC7A7 and ileal SLC7A1, in comparison with the control and mycotoxin groups. In addition, supplementing 1% L-arginine to the mycotoxin-contaminated feed had the following beneficial effects (P < 0.05): (1) alleviating the imbalance of the antioxidant system in the body; (2) ameliorating intestinal abnormalities; and (3) attenuating whole-body growth depression, compared with the mycotoxin group without arginine treatment. Collectively, these results indicate that dietary supplementation with L-arginine exerts a protective role in pigs fed mold-contaminated foods. The findings may have important nutritional implications for humans and other mammals.CNV analysis in a large schizophrenia sample implicates deletions at 16p12.1 and SLC1A1 and duplications at 1p36.33 and CGNL1.Large and rare copy number variants (CNVs) at several loci have been shown to increase risk for schizophrenia. Aiming to discover novel susceptibility CNV loci, we analyzed 6882 cases and 11 255 controls genotyped on Illumina arrays, most of which have not been used for this purpose before. We identified genes enriched for rare exonic CNVs among cases, and then attempted to replicate the findings in additional 14 568 cases and 15 274 controls. In a combined analysis of all samples, 12 distinct loci were enriched among cases with nominal levels of significance (P < 0.05); however, none would survive correction for multiple testing. These loci include recurrent deletions at 16p12.1, a locus previously associated with neurodevelopmental disorders (P = 0.0084 in the discovery sample and P = 0.023 in the replication sample). Other plausible candidates include non-recurrent deletions at the glutamate transporter gene SLC1A1, a CNV locus recently suggested to be involved in schizophrenia through linkage analysis, and duplications at 1p36.33 and CGNL1. A burden analysis of large (>500 kb), rare CNVs showed a 1.2% excess in cases after excluding known schizophrenia-associated loci, suggesting that additional susceptibility loci exist. However, even larger samples are required for their discovery.Amino acids in the uterine luminal fluid reflects the temporal changes in transporter expression in the endometrium and conceptus during early pregnancy in cattle.In cattle, conceptus-maternal interactions are critical for the establishment and maintenance of pregnancy. A major component of this early interaction involves the transport of nutrients and secretion of key molecules by uterine epithelial cells to help support conceptus development during the peri-implantation period of pregnancy. Objectives were to: 1) analyze temporal changes in the amino acid (AA) content of uterine luminal fluid (ULF) during the bovine estrous cycle; 2) understand conceptus-induced alterations in AA content; 3) determine expression of AA transporters in the endometrium and conceptus; and 4) determine how these transporters are modulated by (Progesterone) P4. Concentrations of aspartic acid, arginine, glutamine, histidine, lysine, isoleucine, leucine, phenylalanine and tyrosine decreased on Day 16 of the estrous cycle but increased on Day 19 in pregnant heifers (P<0.05). Glutamic acid only increased in pregnant heifers on Day 19 (P<0.001). Asparagine concentrations were greater in ULF of cyclic compared to pregnant heifers on Day 7 (P<0.05) while valine concentrations were higher in pregnant heifers on Day 16 (P<0.05). Temporal changes in expression of the cationic AA transporters SLC7A1 SLC7A4 and SLC7A6 occurred in the endometrium during the estrous cycle/early pregnancy coordinate with changes in conceptus expression of SLC7A4, SLC7A2 and SLC7A1 (P<0.05). Only one acidic AA transporter (SLC1A5) increased in the endometrium while conceptus expression of SLC1A4 increased (P<0.05). The neutral AA transporters SLC38A2 and SLC7A5 increased in the endometrium in a temporal manner while conceptus expression of SLC38A7, SLC43A2, SLC38A11 and SLC7A8 also increased (P<0.05). P4 modified the expression of SLC1A1, -1A4, -1A5, -38A2, -38A4, -38A7, -43A2, -6A14, -7A1, -7A5 and -7A7 in the endometrium. Results demonstrate that temporal changes in AA in the ULF reflect changes in transporter expression in the endometrium and conceptus during early pregnancy in cattle, some of which are modified by P4.Comorbid Obsessive-Compulsive Symptoms in Schizophrenia: Insight into Pathomechanisms Facilitates Treatment.Insight into the biological pathomechanism of a clinical syndrome facilitates the development of effective interventions. This paper applies this perspective to the important clinical problem of obsessive-compulsive symptoms (OCS) occurring during the lifetime diagnosis of schizophrenia. Up to 25% of schizophrenia patients suffer from OCS and about 12% fulfil the diagnostic criteria of obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD). This is accompanied by marked subjective burden of disease, high levels of anxiety, depression and suicidality, increased neurocognitive impairment, less favourable levels of social and vocational functioning, and greater service utilization. Comorbid patients can be assigned to heterogeneous subgroups. It is assumed that second generation antipsychotics (SGAs), most importantly clozapine, might aggravate or even induce second-onset OCS. Several epidemiological and pharmacological arguments support this assumption. Specific genetic risk factors seem to dispose patients with schizophrenia to develop OCS and risk-conferring polymorphisms has been defined in SLC1A1, BDNF, DLGAP3, and GRIN2B and in interactions between these individual genes. Further research is needed with detailed characterization of large samples. In particular interactions between genetic risk constellations, pharmacological and psychosocial factors should be analysed. Results will further define homogeneous subgroups, which are in need for differential causative interventions. In clinical practise, schizophrenia patients should be carefully monitored for OCS, starting with at-risk mental states of psychosis and longitudinal follow-ups, hopefully leading to the development of multimodal therapeutic interventions.Glutamate drugs and pharmacogenetics of OCD: a pathway-based exploratory approach.Neuropharmacology research in glutamate-modulating drugs supports their development and use in the management of neuropsychiatric disorders, including major depression, Alzheimer's disorder and schizophrenia. Concomitantly, there is a growing use of these agents used in the treatment of obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD).
This article provides a review of glutamate-modulating drugs used in the treatment of OCD. Specifically, the authors examine riluzole, N-acetylcysteine, d-cycloserine, glycine, ketamine, memantine and acamprosate as treatments. Furthermore, recent genetic epidemiology research findings are presented with a focus on the positional candidate genes SLC1A1 (a glutamate transporter), ADAR3 (an RNA-editing enzyme), RYR3 (a Ca(2+) channel), PBX1 (a homeobox transcription factor) and a GWAS candidate gene, DLGAP1 (a protein interacting with post-synaptic density). These genetic findings are submitted to a curated bioinformatics database to conform a biological network for discerning potential pharmacological targets.
In the genetically informed network, known genes and identified key connecting components, including DLG4 (a developmental gene), PSD-95 (a synaptic scaffolding protein) and PSEN1 (presenilin, a regulator of secretase), conform a group of potential pharmacological targets. These potential targets can be explored, in the future, to deliver new therapeutic approaches to OCD. There is also the need to develop a better understanding of neuroprotective mechanisms as a foundation for future OCD drug discovery.Post-zygotic breakage of a dicentric chromosome results in mosaicism for a telocentric 9p marker chromosome in a boy with developmental delay.Chromosomal rearrangements resulting in an inverted duplication and a terminal deletion (inv dup del) can occur due to three known mechanisms, two of them resulting in a normal copy region between the duplicated regions. These mechanisms involve the formation of a dicentric chromosome, which undergo breakage during cell division resulting in cells with either an inverted duplication and deletion or a terminal deletion. We describe a mosaic 3 year old patient with two cell lines carrying a chromosome 9p deletion where one of the cell lines contains an additional telocentric marker chromosome. Our patient is mosaic for the product of a double breakage of a dicentric chromosome including a centric fission. Mosaicism involving different rearrangements of the same chromosome is rare and suggests an early mitotic breakage event. Chr9p terminal deletions associated with duplications have previously been reported in 11 patients. We compare the clinical features of all 12 patients including the patient that we report here. To the best to our knowledge this is a first case reported where the double breakage occurred in the dicentric derivative chromosome 9.MRNA and miRNA expression patterns associated to pathways linked to metal mixture health effects.Metals are a threat to human health by increasing disease risk. Experimental data have linked altered miRNA expression with exposure to some metals. MiRNAs comprise a large family of non-coding single-stranded molecules that primarily function to negatively regulate gene expression post-transcriptionally. Although several human populations are exposed to low concentrations of As, Cd and Pb as a mixture, most toxicology research focuses on the individual effects that these metals exert. Thus, this study aims to evaluate global miRNA and mRNA expression changes induced by a metal mixture containing NaAsO2, CdCl2, Pb(C2H3O2)2·3H2O and to predict possible metal-associated disease development under these conditions. Our results show that this metal mixture results in a miRNA expression profile that may be responsible for the mRNA expression changes observed under experimental conditions in which coding proteins are involved in cellular processes, including cell death, growth and proliferation related to the metal-associated inflammatory response and cancer.Lack of association of SLC1A1 variants with schizophrenia in Chinese Han population.In this study, we analyzed four single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) (rs10491734, rs2228622, rs301430 and rs301443) of the solute carrier family 1 gene (SLC1A1) in a set of 616 schizophrenia patients and 638 matched healthy controls of Han Chinese descent. No significant differences of genotype or allele distribution were identified between the patients and controls. Our data suggest that SLC1A1 is unlikely to be a major susceptibility gene for schizophrenia in Han Chinese.Interaction of SLC1A1 gene variants and life stress on pharmacological resistance in obsessive-compulsive disorder.Genetic and environmental factors seem to interact and influence both the onset and the course of obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD), but the role of glutamate transporter variants (SLC1A1) in pharmacological resistance is not known. We aimed to assess whether genetic variants in SLC1A1 and life stress at onset of the disorder interact and modulate pharmacological resistance in OCD. A single-marker association study of several single-nucleotide polymorphisms in the SLC1A1 genomic region was performed in a sample of 238 OCD patients. For the most strongly associated SNP (rs3087879), one copy of the risk allele increased the probability of higher treatment resistance (odds ratio=2.42; 95% confidence interval=1.39-4.21; P=0.0018), but only in OCD patients without life stress at onset of the disorder. These results suggest a gene-by-environment interaction effect on treatment resistance in OCD and strengthen the existing evidence of the role of the glutamatergic system in the phenomenology of OCD.Influence of polymorphisms in genes SLC1A1, GRIN2B, and GRIK2 on clozapine-induced obsessive-compulsive symptoms.Clinical observations indicate that atypical antipsychotics, especially clozapine, induce obsessive-compulsive (OC) symptoms in schizophrenia patients. Recent data from neuroimaging and clinical trials suggest a role for altered glutamate neurotransmission in the etiology of OC disorder (OCD), and SLC1A1, GRIN2B, and GRIK2 have all been reported to regulate glutamate transmission and affect OCD pathophysiology.
This study aimed to determine whether SLC1A1, GRIN2B, and GRIK2 are associated with clozapine-induced OC symptoms.
A total of 250 clinically stable schizophrenia patients receiving clozapine treatment were recruited. The Yale-Brown Obsessive Compulsive Scale (Y-BOCS) was used to evaluate the severity of OC symptoms. Based on their Y-BOCS scores, 250 patients were divided into the OC and non-OC groups (patients with or without OC symptoms, respectively). Additionally, three reported OCD susceptibility polymorphisms, SLC1A1 (rs2228622), GRIN2B (rs890), and GRIK2 (rs1556995), were genotyped.
Trends of association with OC symptoms were observed in rs2228622A and rs890T alleles. SLC1A1 and GRIN2B interaction was found in the significant two-locus gene-gene interaction model (p = 0.0021), using the multifactor dimensionality reduction method. Further analysis showed a significant interaction between SLC1A1 and GRIN2B on the Y-BOCS score (F 6, 137 = 7.650, p < 0.001), and individuals with AA/TT genotypes had a significantly higher mean Y-BOCS score than those with other genotypes, except AG/TT.
These results suggest that SLC1A1, GRIN2B, and interactions between the two may potentially confer a susceptibility to OC symptoms in schizophrenia patients receiving clozapine.Association of the candidate gene SLC1A1 and obsessive-compulsive disorder in Han Chinese population.This case-control study enrolled 578 obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD) patients and 649 controls and genotyped rs10491734, rs2228622, rs301430 and rs301443 to replicate association of the SLC1A1 gene with OCD in ethnic Han Chinese. The G-A-C-G and G-G-T-C haplotypes were found to be significantly associated with OCD in overall samples, male samples and female samples.Gene expression of glutamate transporters SLC1A1, SLC1A3 and SLC1A6 in the cerebellar subregions of elderly schizophrenia patients and effects of antipsychotic treatment.The glutamatergic hypothesis of schizophrenia proposes alterations of excitatory amino acid transporters (solute carrier family, SLCs) expression and cerebellar dysfunctions. The influence of the neuregulin-1 (NRG1) risk genotype or effects of antipsychotics on expression of EAATs are unknown.
We compared post-mortem samples from the cerebellar hemispheres and vermis of 10 schizophrenia patients with nine normal subjects by investigating gene expression of SLC1A3, SLC1A1 and SLC1A6 by in-situ hybridization. We further assessed the allelic composition regarding the polymorphism rs35753505 (SNP8NRG221533) near the NRG1 gene. To control for effects due to antipsychotic treatment, we chronically treated rats with the antipsychotics haloperidol or clozapine and assessed gene expression of SLCs.
Schizophrenia patients showed increased expression of SLC1A3 in the molecular layer of the vermis. Individuals carrying at least one C allele of rs35753505 (SNP8NRG221533) showed decreased expression of SLC1A6 in the molecular layer of both hemispheres, compared to individuals homozygous for the T allele. The animal model revealed suppression of SLC1A6 by clozapine.
Increased SLC1A3 expression indicates facilitated transport and may result in reduced glutamate neurotransmission. Decreased SLC1A6 expression in NRG1 risk variant may be an adaptive effect to restore glutamate signalling, but treatment effects cannot be excluded.Arthritis severity locus Cia4 is an early regulator of IL-6, IL-1β, and NF-κB activators' expression in pristane-induced arthritis.Cia4 is a locus on rat chromosome 7 that regulates disease severity and joint damage in models of rheumatoid arthritis, including pristane-induced arthritis (PIA). To identify molecular processes regulated by Cia4, synovial tissues from MHC-identical DA (severe erosive) and DA.F344(Cia4) congenics (mild nonerosive) rats were collected at preclinical and recent onset stages following the induction of PIA and analyzed for gene expression levels. Il6 levels were significantly higher in DA compared with congenics on day 10 (135-fold) after PIA induction (preclinical stage) and remained increased on days 14 (47.7-fold) and 18 (29.41-fold). Il6 increased before Il1b suggesting that Il6 could be driving Il1b expression and early synovial inflammation; 187 genes had significantly different expression levels and included inflammatory mediators increased in DA such Slpi (10.94-fold), Ccl7 (5.17-fold), and Litaf (2.09-fold). Syk or NF-κB activating and interacting genes, including Cd74 Ccl21, were increased in DA; 59 genes implicated in cancer-related phenotypes were increased in DA. Genes involved in cell metabolism, transport across membranes, and tissue protection such as Dgat1, Dhcr7, and Slc1a1 were increased in DA.F344(Cia4) congenics; 21 genes differentially expressed or expressed in only one of the strains were located within the Cia4 interval and could be the gene accounting for the arthritis effect. In conclusion, the Cia4 interval contains at least one new arthritis gene that regulates early Il6, Il1b expression, and other inflammatory mediators. This gene regulates the expression of cancer genes that could mediate the development of synovial hyperplasia and invasion, and cartilage and bone destruction.Meta-analysis of association between obsessive-compulsive disorder and the 3' region of neuronal glutamate transporter gene SLC1A1.The neuronal glutamate transporter gene SLC1A1 is a candidate gene for obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD) based on linkage studies and convergent evidence implicating glutamate in OCD etiology. The 3' end of SLC1A1 is the only genomic region with consistently demonstrated OCD association, especially when analyzing male-only probands. However, specific allele associations have not been consistently replicated, and recent OCD genome-wide association and meta-analysis studies have not incorporated all previously associated SLC1A1 SNPs. To clarify the nature of association between SLC1A1 and OCD, pooled analysis was performed on all available relevant raw study data, comprising a final sample of 815 trios, 306 cases and 634 controls. This revealed weak association between OCD and one of nine tested SLC1A1 polymorphisms (rs301443; uncorrected P = 0.046; non-significant corrected P). Secondary analyses of male-affecteds only (N = 358 trios and 133 cases) demonstrated modest association between OCD and a different SNP (rs12682807; uncorrected P = 0.012; non-significant corrected P). Findings of this meta-analysis are consistent with the trend of previous candidate gene studies in psychiatry and do not clarify the putative role of SLC1A1 in OCD pathophysiology. Nonetheless, it may be important to further examine the potential associations demonstrated in this amalgamated sample, especially since the SNPs with modest associations were not included in the more highly powered recent GWAS or in a past meta-analysis including five SLC1A1 polymorphisms. This study underscores the need for much larger sample sizes in future genetic association studies and suggests that next-generation sequencing may be beneficial in examining the potential role of rare variants in OCD.Dietary supplementation with N-carbamylglutamate increases the expression of intestinal amino acid transporters in weaned Huanjiang mini-pig piglets.Weaning is associated with reduced intestinal absorptive capacity in piglets. Our previous study indicated that dietary supplementation with N-carbamylglutamate (NCG) enhanced growth performance and improved intestinal function in weaned piglets. The present study was conducted to test the hypothesis that dietary supplementation with NCG may increase the growth performance of weaned piglets by regulating the expression of intestinal nutrient transporters, thus enhancing nutrient absorption. Twenty-four Huanjiang mini-pig piglets weaned at 21 d of age (3.17 ± 0.21 kg average BW) were randomly assigned to 2 dietary treatments consisting of a basal diet and the basal diet with 0.1% NCG supplementation for a 14-d period with 6 pens per treatment and 1 male and 1 female per pen. On d 14, 1 piglet was randomly selected from each pen for blood and tissue sampling. Dietary NCG supplementation enhanced (P < 0.05) growth rate and the efficiency of feed use in weaned Huanjiang mini-pig piglets. The NCG-supplemented diet increased (P < 0.05) mRNA expression levels of Slc6a19, Slc7a9, and Slc1a1 and the protein abundance of ASCT2, B(0)AT1, b(0,+)AT, y(+)LAT1, and EAAC1 in the jejunum. Furthermore, the contents of low density lipoprotein, ammonia, urea nitrogen, and AA as well as the activity of alkaline phosphatase in plasma were all altered (P < 0.05) by supplementation with NCG. These findings indicate that dietary supplementation with NCG may improve intestinal absorptive function in weaned piglets by increasing the expression of AA transporters in the intestine.Isoforms of the neuronal glutamate transporter gene, SLC1A1/EAAC1, negatively modulate glutamate uptake: relevance to obsessive-compulsive disorder.The SLC1A1 gene, which encodes the neuronal glutamate transporter, EAAC1, has consistently been implicated in obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD) in genetic studies. Moreover, neuroimaging, biochemical and clinical studies support a role for glutamatergic dysfunction in OCD. Although SLC1A1 is an excellent candidate gene for OCD, little is known about its regulation at the genomic level. Here, we report the identification and characterization of three alternative SLC1A1/EAAC1 mRNAs: a transcript derived from an internal promoter, termed P2 to distinguish it from the transcript generated by the primary promoter (P1), and two alternatively spliced mRNAs: ex2skip, which is missing exon 2, and ex11skip, which is missing exon 11. All isoforms inhibit glutamate uptake from the full-length EAAC1 transporter. Ex2skip and ex11skip also display partial colocalization and interact with the full-length EAAC1 protein. The three isoforms are evolutionarily conserved between human and mouse, and are expressed in brain, kidney and lymphocytes under nonpathological conditions, suggesting that the isoforms are physiological regulators of EAAC1. Moreover, under specific conditions, all SLC1A1 transcripts were differentially expressed in lymphocytes derived from subjects with OCD compared with controls. These initial results reveal the complexity of SLC1A1 regulation and the potential clinical utility of profiling glutamatergic gene expression in OCD and other psychiatric disorders.Association between SLC1A1 gene and early-onset OCD in the Han Chinese population: a case-control study.Obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD) is a common and severe mental illness, and its etiology still remains unknown. The glutamate transporter gene solute carrier family 1, member 1 was previously tested as a promising candidate for OCD by several research groups. However, subsequent studies were not consistent. OCD is a heterogeneous disease. Early-onset OCD is a demographically and clinically distinct subtype of OCD and may be a more homogeneous subtype. Gender-matched 244 early-onset OCD patients, 244 late-onset OCD patients, and 244 healthy controls were genotyped with four SNPs (rs10491734, rs2228622, rs301430, and rs301443) through TaqMan SNP genotyping assays. There were statistical differences in allele and genotype frequencies of rs10491734 in early-onset OCD patients compared to late-onset OCD or control subjects. The haplotype analysis showed that the four-locus haplotype (A-A-C-C and A-G-C-C) were associated with early onset obsessive-compulsive disorder after Bonferroni correction. The present study provided suggestive evidence that the rs10491734 was significantly associated with early-onset OCD in the Han Chinese population. However, these findings need further replication.The SLC1 high-affinity glutamate and neutral amino acid transporter family.Glutamate transporters play important roles in the termination of excitatory neurotransmission and in providing cells throughout the body with glutamate for metabolic purposes. The high-affinity glutamate transporters EAAC1 (SLC1A1), GLT1 (SLC1A2), GLAST (SLC1A3), EAAT4 (SLC1A6), and EAAT5 (SLC1A7) mediate the cellular uptake of glutamate by the co-transport of three sodium ions (Na(+)) and one proton (H(+)), with the counter-transport of one potassium ion (K(+)). Thereby, they protect the CNS from glutamate-induced neurotoxicity. Loss of function of glutamate transporters has been implicated in the pathogenesis of several diseases, including amyotrophic lateral sclerosis and Alzheimer's disease. In addition, glutamate transporters play a role in glutamate excitotoxicity following an ischemic stroke, due to reversed glutamate transport. Besides glutamate transporters, the SLC1 family encompasses two transporters of neutral amino acids, ASCT1 (SLC1A4) and ASCT2 (SLC1A5). Both transporters facilitate electroneutral exchange of amino acids in neurons and/or cells of the peripheral tissues. Some years ago, a high resolution structure of an archaeal homologue of the SLC1 family was determined, followed by the elucidation of its structure in the presence of the substrate aspartate and the inhibitor d,l-threo-benzyloxy aspartate (d,l-TBOA). Historically, the first few known inhibitors of SLC1 transporters were based on constrained glutamate analogs which were active in the high micromolar range but often also showed off-target activity at glutamate receptors. Further development led to the discovery of l-threo-β-hydroxyaspartate derivatives, some of which effectively inhibited SLC1 transporters at nanomolar concentrations. More recently, small molecule inhibitors have been identified whose structures are not based on amino acids. Activators of SLC1 family members have also been discovered but there are only a few examples known.Deletion at the SLC1A1 glutamate transporter gene co-segregates with schizophrenia and bipolar schizoaffective disorder in a 5-generation family.Growing evidence for genetic overlap between schizophrenia (SCZ) and bipolar disorder (BPD) suggests that causal variants of large effect on disease risk may cross traditional diagnostic boundaries. Extended multigenerational families with both SCZ and BPD cases can be a valuable resource for discovery of shared biological pathways because they can reveal the natural evolution of the underlying genetic disruptions and their phenotypic expression. We investigated a deletion at the SLC1A1 glutamate transporter gene originally identified as a copy number variant exclusively carried by members of a 5-generation Palauan family. Using an expanded sample of 21 family members, quantitative PCR confirmed the deletion in all seven individuals with psychosis, three "obligate-carrier" parents and one unaffected sibling, while four marry-in parents were non-carriers. Linkage analysis under an autosomal dominant model generated a LOD-score of 3.64, confirming co-segregation of the deletion with psychosis. For more precise localization, we determined the approximate deletion end points using alignment of next-generation sequencing data for one affected deletion-carrier and then designed PCR amplicons to span the entire deletion locus. These probes established that the deletion spans 84,298 bp, thus eliminating the entire promoter, the transcription start site, and the first 59 amino acids of the protein, including the first transmembrane Na(2+)/dicarboxylate symporter domain, one of the domains that perform the glutamate transport action. Discovery of this functionally relevant SLC1A1 mutation and its co-segregation with psychosis in an extended multigenerational pedigree provides further support for the important role played by glutamatergic transmission in the pathophysiology of psychotic disorders.Changes in relative organ weights and intestinal transporter gene expression in embryos from White Plymouth Rock and WENS Yellow Feather Chickens.This study was conducted to evaluate the embryonic development of broilers with different growth rates and correlate the differences between the amino acid transporter and peptide transporter gene expression patterns to the growth of the small intestine. The results showed that the body and yolk weights of the White Plymouth Rock (WPR) embryos were higher than those of the WENS Yellow Feather Chicken (WYFC) embryos although the relative embryonic body weights were inversely correlated. We studied nine organs and classified them into four clusters according to their changes in relative weight during the hatching process. The levels of gene expression of SLC7A9, SLC1A1 and SLC15A1 in the small intestine increased during embryo development and were affected by breed. Breed-specific differences in embryonic development were observed for SLC7A9, SLC1A1 and SLC15A1 gene expression. When represented as a function of SLC7A9, SLC1A1 or SLC15A1 gene expression, strong correlations were observed for the weight of small intestine. We conclude that WPR embryos have a higher absolute growth rate but a lower relative growth rate in comparison with WYFC embryos. Moreover, the expression levels of the SLC7A9, SLC1A1 or SLC15A1 genes can be used as indicators for the growth of the small intestine.Glutamate system genes and brain volume alterations in pediatric obsessive-compulsive disorder: a preliminary study.Obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD) has been associated with regional volumetric brain abnormalities, which provide promising intermediate phenotypes of the disorder. In this study, volumes of brain regions selected for a priori evidence of association with OCD (orbitofrontal cortex (OFC), anterior cingulate cortex (ACC), thalamus, caudate, putamen, globus pallidus and pituitary) were measured using structural magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) in 20 psychotropic-naïve pediatric OCD patients. We examined the association between these regional brain volumes and a total of 519 single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) from nine glutamatergic candidate genes (DLGAP1, DLGAP2, DLGAP3, GRIN2B, SLC1A1, GRIK2, GRIK3, SLITRK1 and SLITRK5). These genes were selected based on either previous reported association with OCD in humans or evidence from animal models of OCD. After correcting for multiple comparisons by permutation testing, no SNP remained significantly associated with volumetric changes. The strongest trend toward association was identified between two SNPs in DLGAP2 (rs6558484 and rs7014992) and OFC white matter volume. Our other top ranked association findings were with ACC, OFC and thalamus. These preliminary results suggest that sequence variants in glutamate candidate genes may be associated with structural neuroimaging phenotypes of OCD.GABA and Glutamate Transporters in Brain.The mammalian genome contains four genes encoding GABA transporters (GAT1, slc6a1; GAT2, slc6a13; GAT3, slc6a11; BGT1, slc6a12) and five glutamate transporter genes (EAAT1, slc1a3; EAAT2, slc1a2; EAAT3, slc1a1; EAAT4, slc1a6; EAAT5, slc1a7). These transporters keep the extracellular levels of GABA and excitatory amino acids low and provide amino acids for metabolic purposes. The various transporters have different properties both with respect to their transport functions and with respect to their ability to act as ion channels. Further, they are differentially regulated. To understand the physiological roles of the individual transporter subtypes, it is necessary to obtain information on their distributions and expression levels. Quantitative data are important as the functional capacity is limited by the number of transporter molecules. The most important and most abundant transporters for removal of transmitter glutamate in the brain are EAAT2 (GLT-1) and EAAT1 (GLAST), while GAT1 and GAT3 are the major GABA transporters in the brain. EAAT3 (EAAC1) does not appear to play a role in signal transduction, but plays other roles. Due to their high uncoupled anion conductance, EAAT4 and EAAT5 seem to be acting more like inhibitory glutamate receptors than as glutamate transporters. GAT2 and BGT1 are primarily expressed in the liver and kidney, but are also found in the leptomeninges, while the levels in brain tissue proper are too low to have any impact on GABA removal, at least in normal young adult mice. The present review will provide summary of what is currently known and will also discuss some methodological pitfalls.Comorbid obsessive-compulsive symptoms in schizophrenia: contributions of pharmacological and genetic factors.A large subgroup of around 25% of schizophrenia patients suffers from obsessive-compulsive symptoms (OCS) and about 12% fulfill the diagnostic criteria of an obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD). The additional occurrence of OCS is associated with high subjective burden of disease, additional neurocognitive impairment, poorer social and vocational functioning, greater service utilization and high levels of anxiety and depression. Comorbid patients can be assigned to heterogeneous subgroups. One hypothesis assumes that second generation antipsychotics (SGAs), most importantly clozapine, might aggravate or even induce second-onset OCS. Several arguments support this assumption, most importantly the observed chronological order of first psychotic manifestation, start of treatment with clozapine and onset of OCS. In addition, correlations between OCS-severity and dose and serum levels and duration of clozapine treatment hint toward a dose-dependent side effect. It has been hypothesized that genetic risk-factors dispose patients with schizophrenia to develop OCS. One study in a South Korean sample reported associations with polymorphisms in the gene SLC1A1 (solute carrier family 1A1) and SGA-induced OCS. However, this finding could not be replicated in European patients. Preliminary results also suggest an involvement of polymorphisms in the BDNF gene (brain-derived neurotrophic factor) and an interaction between markers of SLC1A1 and the gene DLGAP3 (disc large associated protein 3) as well as GRIN2B (N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor subunit 2B). Further research of well-defined samples, in particular studies investigating possible interactions of genetic risk-constellations and pharmacodynamic properties, are needed to clarify the assumed development of SGA-induced OCS. Results might improve pathogenic concepts and facilitate the definition of at risk populations, early detection and monitoring of OCS as well as multimodal therapeutic interventions.Valproic acid induces the glutamate transporter excitatory amino acid transporter-3 in human oligodendroglioma cells.Glutamate transport in early, undifferentiated oligodendrocytic precursors has not been characterized thus far. Here we show that human oligodendroglioma Hs683 cells are not endowed with EAAT-dependent anionic amino acid transport. However, in these cells, but not in U373 human glioblastoma cells, valproic acid (VPA), an inhibitor of histone deacetylases, markedly induces SLC1A1 mRNA, which encodes for the glutamate transporter EAAT3. The effect is detectable after 8h and persists up to 120h of treatment. EAAT3 protein increase becomes detectable after 24h of treatment and reaches its maximum after 72-96h, when it is eightfold more abundant than control. The initial influx of d-aspartate increases in parallel, exhibiting the typical features of an EAAT3-mediated process. SLC1A1 mRNA induction is associated with the increased expression of PDGFRA mRNA (+150%), a marker of early oligodendrocyte precursor cells, while the expression of GFAP, CNP and TUBB3 remains unchanged. Short term experiments have indicated that the VPA effect is shared by trichostatin A, another inhibitor of histone deacetylases. On the contrary, EAAT3 induction is neither prevented by inhibitors of mitogen-activated protein kinases nor triggered by a prolonged incubation with lithium, thus excluding a role for the GSK3β/β-catenin pathway. Thus, the VPA-dependent induction of the glutamate transporter EAAT3 in human oligodendroglioma cells likely occurs through an epigenetic mechanism and may represent an early indicator of commitment to oligodendrocytic differentiation.Functional studies and rare variant screening of SLC1A1/EAAC1 in males with obsessive-compulsive disorder.Several studies have found that the neuronal glutamate transporter gene SLC1A1/EAAC1 is associated with obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD), with a stronger association in males. Previous studies have primarily focused on common single-nucleotide polymorphisms, rather than rare functional variants that are likely to have larger effects. We screened 184 males with OCD for rare variation in SLC1A1 exons; however, no new coding variation was found. When combined with previous screens, only one SLC1A1 amino acid variant has been detected among the 841 individuals screened, which is less than for other neurotransmitter transporter genes (P=0.0001). We characterized the function of the one SLC1A1 missense variant reported previously in OCD, Thr164Ala, and found that the Ala164 allele leads to decreased Vmax and Km (P<0.0001) in transfected human embryonic kidney cells. Further work will be necessary to understand the impact of this rare SLC1A1/EAAC1 Ala164 variant on neuronal function and circuitry relevant to OCD.Polymorphisms in the glutamate transporter gene SLC1A1 and obsessive-compulsive symptoms induced by second-generation antipsychotic agents.A large subgroup of schizophrenic patients develops obsessive-compulsive symptoms (OCS) during treatment with second-generation antipsychotics (SGA). A genetic risk factor for these secondary OCS was recently described in the gene SLC1A1 encoding the neuronal glutamate transporter excitatory amino acid carrier 1. The aim of this study was to replicate these findings in a European sample.
A total of 103 schizophrenic patients treated with SGAs were included. Three single nucleotide polymorphisms in SLC1A1 (rs2228622, rs3780412 and rs3780413), which had been associated with SGA-induced OCS, were investigated. Single marker and haplotype analyses were tested with logistic regressions using age, sex and medication type as covariates.
Treatment with markedly antiserotonergic SGAs such as clozapine was more prevalent in the subgroup of patients with comorbid OCS (P<0.001). The dosage and duration of clozapine treatment correlated significantly with the severity of OCS. In contrast to the Asian sample, no genetic associations were found with OCS.
Larger samples are necessary to unravel the interplay of pharmacological and genetic risk factors for OCS in schizophrenia.Initial evidence that polymorphisms in neurotransmitter-regulating genes contribute to being born small for gestational age.Being born small for gestational age (SGA) is a putative risk factor for the development of later cognitive and psychiatric health problems. While the inter-uterine environment has been shown to play an important role in predicting birth weight, little is known about the genetic factors that might be important. Here we test the hypothesis that neurotransmitter-regulating genes implicated in psychiatric disorders previously shown to be associated with SGA (such as attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder) are themselves predictive of SGA. DNA was collected from 227 SGA and 319 appropriate for gestational age children taking part in the Auckland Birthweight Collaborative Study. Candidate single nucleotide polymorphisms in genes regulating activity within dopamine, serotonin, glutamate and gamma-aminobutyric acid pathways were genotyped. Multiple regression analysis, controlling for potentially confounding factors, supported nominally significant associations between SGA and single nucleotide polymorphisms in COMT, HTR2A, SLC1A1 and SLC6A1. This is the first evidence that genes implicated in psychiatric disorders previously linked to SGA status themselves predict SGA. This highlights the possibility that the link between SGA and psychiatric disorders such as attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder may in part be genetically determined - that SGA marks pre-existing genetic risk for later problems.Regulation of the glutamate transporter EAAT3 by mammalian target of rapamycin mTOR.The serine/threonine kinase mammalian target of rapamycin (mTOR) is stimulated by insulin, growth factors and nutrients and confers survival of several cell types. The kinase has previously been shown to stimulate amino acid uptake. In neurons, the cellular uptake of glutamate by the excitatory amino-acid transporters (EAATs) decreases excitation and thus confers protection against excitotoxicity. In epithelia, EAAT3 accomplishes transepithelial glutamate and aspartate transport. The present study explored, whether mTOR regulates EAAT3 (SLC1A1). To this end, cRNA encoding EAAT3 was injected into Xenopus oocytes with or without cRNA encoding mTOR and the glutamate induced current (I(glu)), a measure of glutamate transport, determined by dual electrode voltage clamp. Moreover, EAAT3 protein abundance was determined utilizing chemiluminescence. As a result, I(glu) was observed in Xenopus oocytes expressing EAAT3 but not in water injected oocytes. Coexpression of mTOR significantly increased I(glu), an effect reversed by rapamycin (100 nM). mTOR coexpression increased EAAT3 protein abundance in the cell membrane. The decay of I(glu) following inhibition of carrier insertion with brefeldin A in oocytes coexpressing EAAT3 with mTOR was similar in the presence and absence of rapamycin (100 nM). In conclusion, mTOR is a novel powerful regulator of EAAT3 and may thus contribute to protection against neuroexcitotoxicity.In vitro evidence for the brain glutamate efflux hypothesis: brain endothelial cells cocultured with astrocytes display a polarized brain-to-blood transport of glutamate.The concentration of the excitotoxic amino acid, L-glutamate, in brain interstitial fluid is tightly regulated by uptake transporters and metabolism in astrocytes and neurons. The aim of this study was to investigate the possible role of the blood-brain barrier endothelium in brain L-glutamate homeostasis. Transendothelial transport- and accumulation studies of (3) H-L-glutamate, (3) H-L-aspartate, and (3) H-D-aspartate in an electrically tight bovine endothelial/rat astrocyte blood-brain barrier coculture model were performed. After 6 days in culture, the endothelium displayed transendothelial resistance values of 1014 ± 70 Ω cm(2) , and (14) C-D-mannitol permeability values of 0.88 ± 0.13 × 10(-6) cm s(-1) . Unidirectional flux studies showed that L-aspartate and L-glutamate, but not D-aspartate, displayed polarized transport in the brain-to-blood direction, however, all three amino acids accumulated in the cocultures when applied from the abluminal side. The transcellular transport kinetics were characterized with a K(m) of 69 ± 15 μM and a J(max) of 44 ± 3.1 pmol min(-1) cm(-2) for L-aspartate and a K(m) of 138 ± 49 μM and J(max) of 28 ± 3.1 pmol min(-1) cm(-2) for L-glutamate. The EAAT inhibitor, DL-threo-ß-Benzyloxyaspartate, inhibited transendothelial brain-to-blood fluxes of L-glutamate and L-aspartate. Expression of EAAT-1 (Slc1a3), -2 (Slc1a2), and -3 (Slc1a1) mRNA in the endothelial cells was confirmed by conventional PCR and localization of EAAT-1 and -3 in endothelial cells was shown with immunofluorescence. Overall, the findings suggest that the blood-brain barrier itself may participate in regulating brain L-glutamate concentrations.Specificity controls for immunocytochemistry: the antigen preadsorption test can lead to inaccurate assessment of antibody specificity.The biomedical research community relies directly or indirectly on immunocytochemical data. Unfortunately, validation of labeling specificity is difficult. A common specificity test is the preadsorption test. This test was intended for testing crude antisera but is now frequently used to validate monoclonal and affinity purified polyclonal antibodies. Here, the authors assess the power of this test. Nine affinity purified antibodies to different epitopes on 3 proteins (EAAT3, slc1a1; EAAT2, slc1a2; BGT1, slc6a12) were tested on samples (tissue sections and Western blots with or without fixation). The selected antibodies displayed some degree of cross-reactivity as defined by labeling of samples from knockout mice. The authors show that antigen preadsorption blocked all labeling of both wild-type and knockout samples, implying that preadsorption also blocked binding to cross-reactive epitopes. They show how this can give an illusion of specificity and illustrate sensitivity-specificity relationships, the importance of good negative controls, that fixation can create new epitopes, and that cross-reacting epitopes present in sections may not be present on Western blots and vice versa. In conclusion, they argue against uncritical use of the preadsorption test and, in doing so, address a number of other issues related to immunocytochemistry specificity testing.The role of glutamate signaling in the pathogenesis and treatment of obsessive-compulsive disorder.Obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD) is a common and often debilitating neuropsychiatric condition characterized by persistent intrusive thoughts (obsessions), repetitive ritualistic behaviors (compulsions) and excessive anxiety. While the neurobiology and etiology of OCD has not been fully elucidated, there is growing evidence that disrupted neurotransmission of glutamate within corticalstriatal-thalamocortical (CSTC) circuitry plays a role in OCD pathogenesis. This review summarizes the findings from neuroimaging, animal model, candidate gene and treatment studies in the context of glutamate signaling dysfunction in OCD. First, studies using magnetic resonance spectroscopy are reviewed demonstrating altered glutamate concentrations in the caudate and anterior cingulate cortex of patients with OCD. Second, knockout mouse models, particularly the DLGAP3 and Sltrk5 knockout mouse models, display remarkably similar phenotypes of compulsive grooming behavior associated with glutamate signaling dysfunction. Third, candidate gene studies have identified associations between variants in glutamate system genes and OCD, particularly for SLC1A1 which has been shown to be associated with OCD in five independent studies. This converging evidence for a role of glutamate in OCD has led to the development of novel treatment strategies involving glutamatergic compounds, particularly riluzole and memantine. We conclude the review by outlining a glutamate hypothesis for OCD, which we hope will inform further research into etiology and treatment for this severe neuropsychiatric condition.Microarray analysis of 1,25(OH)₂D₃ regulated gene expression in human primary osteoblasts.Though extensive studies have been conducted, questions regarding the molecular effectors and pathways underlying the regulatory role of 1,25(OH)(2)D(3) in human osteoblasts other than cell differentiation and matrix protein production remain unanswered. This study aims to identify genes and pathways that are modulated by 1,25(OH)(2)D(3) treatment in human osteoblasts. Primary osteoblast cultures obtained from human bone tissue samples were treated with 1,25(OH)(2)D(3) (10(-7)  M) for 24 h and their transcritptomes were profiled by microarray analysis using the Affymetrix GeneChip. Statistical analysis was conducted to identify genes whose expression is significantly modulated following 1,25(OH)(2)D(3) treatment. One hundred and fifty-eight genes were found to be differentially expressed. Of these, 136 were upregulated, indicating clear transcriptional activation by 1,25(OH)(2)D(3). Biostatistical evaluation of microarray data by Ingenuity Pathways Analysis (IPA) revealed a relevant modulation of genes involved in vitamin D metabolism (CYP24), immune functions (CD14), neurotransmitter transporters (SLC1A1, SLC22A3), and coagulation [thrombomodulin (THBD), tissue plasminogen activator (PLAT), endothelial protein C receptor (PROCR), thrombin receptor (F2R)]. We identified a restricted number of highly regulated genes and confirmed their differential expression by real-time quantitative PCR (RT qPCR). The present genome-wide microarray analysis on 1,25(OH)(2)D(3) -treated human osteoblasts reveals an interplay of critical regulatory and metabolic pathways and supports the hypothesis that 1,25(OH)(2)D(3) can modulate the coagulation process through osteoblasts, activates osteoclastogenesis through inflammation signaling, modulates the effects of monoamines by affecting their reuptake.Identification of six potential markers for the detection of circulating canine mammary tumour cells in the peripheral blood identified by microarray analysis.The presence of circulating tumour cells (CTCs) in the peripheral blood is a prognostic factor for survival of human breast cancer patients. CTCs in the peripheral blood of dogs with mammary tumours have not been reported definitively. The present pilot study identifies mRNA markers for CTCs by comparing the transcriptome of canine mammary carcinoma cell lines CMM26 and CMM115 and peripheral blood leucocytes (PBLs). Genes with a 200-fold or higher mRNA expression in carcinoma cell lines were tested for specificity and sensitivity to detect CTCs using reverse transcriptase polymerase chain reaction (PCR). Six mRNA markers, AGR2, ATP8B1, CRYAB, F3 IRX3 and SLC1A1 were expressed in cell lines, but not PBL. All PCRs were able to detect one carcinoma cell admixed in 10(6) or more PBLs. The six mRNA markers may be suitable for detection of canine mammary CTCs and allow the analysis of their spatiotemporal distribution in dogs with mammary tumours.Select nutrients in the uterine lumen of sheep and pigs affect conceptus development.Interferon tau (IFNT) is the pregnancy recognition signal from ruminant conceptuses. IFNT also acts with P4 to induce expression of genes for transport of nutrients, such as glucose (Gluc) and arginine (Arg) into the uterine lumen to activate mechanistic mammalian target of rapamycin (MTOR) cell signaling that stimulates proliferation, migration, gene transcription and mRNA translation by conceptus trophectoderm (Tr). In ewes, Arg and Gluc increase significantly in the uterine lumen between Days 10 and 15 of pregnancy due to increased expression of transporters for Gluc (SLC2A1 and SLC5A1) and Arg (SLC7A2B) by uterine epithelia. Arg and Gluc stimulate proliferation, migration and mRNA translation by Tr. Arg increases expression of GTP cyclohydrolase 1 (GCH1) and IFNT mRNAs while Arg and Gluc increase ornithine decarboxylase, nitric oxide synthase 2, and GCH1 mRNAs and proteins by Tr cells. GCH1 is required for synthesis of tetrahydrobiopterin, an essential cofactor for all NOS isoforms. Arg is metabolized to nitric oxide and polyamines that increase proliferation and migration of Tr cells. In pigs, Gluc, Arg, leucine (Leu) and glutamine (Gln) increase in the uterine lumen between Days 12 and 15 of pregnancy due to enhanced expression of transporters for Gluc and amino acids. Transporters for Gluc in porcine uterine LE (SLC2A1) and conceptus trophectoderm (SLC2A2) are abundant. Transporters for glutamate and neutral (SLC1A1, SLC1A4) and cationic (SLC7A1, SLC7A2, SLC7A7, SLC7A9) amino acids are expressed in uterine LE and SLC7A3 mRNA is expressed in conceptus Tr. Arg and Leu increase MTOR cell signaling and proliferation of pig Tr, as do Gluc and fructose. Azaserine, an inhibitor of hexosamine biosynthesis, inhibits effects of Gluc and fructose. Thus, select nutrients in the uterine lumen affect gene transcription and mRNA translation to affect conceptus development.Association of SNPs linked to increased expression of SLC1A1 with schizophrenia.Glutamate is one of the key molecules involved in signal transduction in the brain, and dysfunction of glutamate signaling could be linked to schizophrenia. The SLC1A1 gene located at 9p24 encodes the glutamate transporter EAAT3/EAAC1. To investigate the association between the SLC1A1 gene and schizophrenia in the Japanese population, we genotyped 19 tagging single nucleotide polymorphisms (tagSNPs) in the SLC1A1 gene in 576 unrelated individuals with schizophrenia and 576 control subjects followed by replication in an independent case-control study of 1,344 individuals with schizophrenia and 1,344 control subjects. In addition, we determined the boundaries of the copy number variation (CNV) region in the first intron (Database of Genomic Variants, chr9:4516796-4520549) and directly genotyped the CNV because of significant deviation from the Hardy-Weinberg equilibrium. The CNV was not associated with schizophrenia. Four SNPs showed a possible association with schizophrenia in the screening subjects and the associations were replicated in the same direction (nominal allelic P < 0.05), and, among them, an association with rs7022369 was replicated even after Bonferroni correction (allelic nominal P = 5 × 10(-5) , allelic corrected P = 2.5 × 10(-4) , allelic odds ratio, 1.30; 95% CI: 1.14-1.47 in the combined subjects). Expression analysis quantified by the real-time quantitative polymerase chain reaction in the postmortem prefrontal cortex of 43 Japanese individuals with schizophrenia and 11 Japanese control subjects revealed increased SLC1A1 expression levels in individuals homozygous for the rs7022369 risk allele (P = 0.003). Our findings suggest the involvement of SLC1A1 in the pathogenesis of schizophrenia.Interaction between genetic variants of DLGAP3 and SLC1A1 affecting the risk of atypical antipsychotics-induced obsessive-compulsive symptoms.Adverse effects of atypical antipsychotics (AAP) can include obsessive-compulsive (OC) symptoms. Based on biological evidence of the relationship between the glutamatergic system and both OC disorder and AAP, this study aimed to determine whether DLGAP3, coding a post-synaptic scaffolding protein of glutamatergic synapses, is associated with AAP-induced OC symptoms. Furthermore, we explored the interactions between DLGAP3 and a previously reported susceptibility gene, the glutamate transporter gene SLC1A1, regarding this phenotype. Subjects were clinically stable schizophrenia patients receiving AAP treatment (n = 94), and they comprised an OC group (n = 40) and a non-OC group (n = 54) (patients with and without AAP-induced OC symptoms, respectively). We performed allelic/genotypic/haplotype association analyses for seven tag single-nucleotide polymorphisms of DLGAP3 and gene-gene interaction analyses with rs2228622 of SLC1A1, observing a nominally significant association between AAP-induced OC symptoms and rs7525948 in both simple chi-square tests and the regression analyses (nominal P < 0.05). In the logistic regression analysis of gene-gene interaction, we found a significant interaction effect of rs7525948 of DLGAP3 and rs2228622 of SLC1A1 (permutation P = 0.036) on AAP-induced OC symptoms, with a 30.2 times higher odds for individuals carrying risk genotypes at both loci in comparison with the reference group, which had no risk genotypes. This study provides suggestive evidence that DLGAP3 and its interactive effect with SLC1A1 might be involved in susceptibility to developing OC symptoms in schizophrenia patients receiving AAP treatment.Comprehensive family-based association study of the glutamate transporter gene SLC1A1 in obsessive-compulsive disorder.SLC1A1 encodes a neuronal glutamate transporter and is a promising candidate gene for obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD). Several independent research groups have reported significant associations between OCD and single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) in this gene. Previously, we evaluated 13 SNPs in, or near, SLC1A1 and reported a strong association signal with rs301443, a SNP 7.5 kb downstream of the gene [Shugart et al. (2009); Am J Med Genet Part B 150B:886–892]. The aims of the current study were first, to further investigate this finding by saturating the region around rs301443; and second, to explore the entire gene more thoroughly with a dense panel of SNP markers. We genotyped an additional 111 SNPs in or near SLC1A1, covering from 9 kb upstream to 84 kb downstream of the gene at average spacing of 1.7 kb per SNP, and conducted family-based association analyses in 1,576 participants in 377 families.We found that none of the surrounding markers were in linkage disequilibrium with rs301443, nor were any associated with OCD. We also found that SNP rs4740788, located about 8.8 kb upstream of the gene, was associated with OCD in all families (P = 0.003) and in families with male affecteds (P = 0.002). A three-SNP haplotype (rs4740788–rs10491734–rs10491733) was associated with OCD in the total sample (P = 0.00015) and in families with male affecteds (P = 0.0007). Although of nominal statistical significance considering the number of comparisons, these findings provide further support for the involvement of SLC1A1 in the pathogenesis of OCD.Nuclear factor erythroid 2-related factor 2 facilitates neuronal glutathione synthesis by upregulating neuronal excitatory amino acid transporter 3 expression.Astrocytes support neuronal antioxidant capacity by releasing glutathione, which is cleaved to cysteine in brain extracellular space. Free cysteine is then taken up by neurons through excitatory amino acid transporter 3 [EAAT3; also termed Slc1a1 (solute carrier family 1 member 1)] to support de novo glutathione synthesis. Activation of the nuclear factor erythroid 2-related factor 2 (Nrf2)-antioxidant responsive element (ARE) pathway by oxidative stress promotes astrocyte release of glutathione, but it remains unknown how this release is coupled to neuronal glutathione synthesis. Here we evaluated transcriptional regulation of the neuronal cysteine transporter EAAT3 by the Nrf2-ARE pathway. Nrf2 activators and Nrf2 overexpression both produced EAAT3 transcriptional activation in C6 cells. A conserved ARE-related sequence was found in the EAAT3 promoter of several mammalian species. This ARE-related sequence was bound by Nrf2 in mouse neurons in vivo as observed by chromatin immunoprecipitation. Chemical activation of the Nrf2-ARE pathway in mouse brain increased both neuronal EAAT3 levels and neuronal glutathione content, and these effects were abrogated in mice genetically deficient in either Nrf2 or EAAT3. Selective overexpression of Nrf2 in brain neurons by lentiviral gene transfer was sufficient to upregulate both neuronal EAAT3 protein and glutathione content. These findings identify a mechanism whereby Nrf2 activation can coordinate astrocyte glutathione release with neuronal glutathione synthesis through transcriptional upregulation of neuronal EAAT3 expression.Gestational exposure to low dose bisphenol A alters social behavior in juvenile mice.Bisphenol A (BPA) is a man-made compound used to make polycarbonate plastics and epoxy resins; public health concerns have been fueled by findings that BPA exposure can reduce sex differences in brain and some behaviors. We asked if a low BPA dose, within the range measured in humans, ingested during pregnancy, would affect social behaviors in prepubertal mice. We noted sex differences in social interactions whereby females spent more time sitting side-by-side, while males engaged in more exploring and sitting alone. In addition BPA increased display of nose-to-nose contacts, play solicitations and approaches in both sexes. Interactions between sex and diet were found for self grooming, social interactions while sitting side-by-side and following the other mouse. In all these cases interactions were produced by differences between control and BPA females. We examined brains from embryos during late gestation to determine if gene expression differences might be correlated with some of the sexually dimorphic or BPA affected behaviors we observed. Because BPA treatments ended at birth we took the brains during embryogenesis to increase the probability of discovering BPA mediated effects. We also selected this embryonic age (E18.5) because it coincides with the onset of sexual differentiation of the brain. Interestingly, mRNA for the glutamate transporter, Slc1a1, was enhanced by exposure to BPA in female brains. Also we noted that BPA changed the expression of two of the three DNA methyltransferase genes, Dnmt1 and Dnmt3a. We propose that BPA affects DNA methylation of Sc1a1 during neural development. Sex differences in juvenile social interactions are affected by BPA and in particular this compound modifies behavior in females.Loss-of-function mutations in the glutamate transporter SLC1A1 cause human dicarboxylic aminoaciduria.Solute carrier family 1, member 1 (SLC1A1; also known as EAAT3 and EAAC1) is the major epithelial transporter of glutamate and aspartate in the kidneys and intestines of rodents. Within the brain, SLC1A1 serves as the predominant neuronal glutamate transporter and buffers the synaptic release of the excitatory neurotransmitter glutamate within the interneuronal synaptic cleft. Recent studies have also revealed that polymorphisms in SLC1A1 are associated with obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD) in early-onset patient cohorts. Here we report that SLC1A1 mutations leading to substitution of arginine to tryptophan at position 445 (R445W) and deletion of isoleucine at position 395 (I395del) cause human dicarboxylic aminoaciduria, an autosomal recessive disorder of urinary glutamate and aspartate transport that can be associated with mental retardation. These mutations of conserved residues impeded or abrogated glutamate and cysteine transport by SLC1A1 and led to near-absent surface expression in a canine kidney cell line. These findings provide evidence that SLC1A1 is the major renal transporter of glutamate and aspartate in humans and implicate SLC1A1 in the pathogenesis of some neurological disorders.Glutamate transporter gene (SLC1A1) single nucleotide polymorphism (rs301430) and repetitive behaviors and anxiety in children with autism spectrum disorder.Investigated association of single nucleotide polymorphism (SNP) rs301430 in glutamate transporter gene (SLC1A1) with severity of repetitive behaviors (obsessive-compulsive behaviors, tics) and anxiety in children with autism spectrum disorder (ASD). Mothers and/or teachers completed a validated DSM-IV-referenced rating scale for 67 children with autism spectrum disorder. Although analyses were not significant for repetitive behaviors, youths homozygous for the high expressing C allele had more severe anxiety than carriers of the T allele. Allelic variation in SLC1A1 may be a biomarker for or modifier of anxiety symptom severity in children with ASD, but study findings are best conceptualized as tentative pending replication with larger independent samples.Analysis of 9p24 and 11p12-13 regions in autism spectrum disorders: rs1340513 in the JMJD2C gene is associated with ASDs in Finnish sample.Autism spectrum disorders (ASD) often show obsessive repetitive symptoms that are characteristic to obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD). Aberrant glutamate function has been suggested to a risk for both ASDs and OCD. Considering the common metabolic pathway and recent results from association studies both in OCD and ASDs, a question, whether there is common molecular background in ASDs and OCD, was raised.
Ten single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) at 9p24 and 11p12-p13 containing glutamate transporter genes SLC1A1 and SLC1A2 and their neighboring regions in 175 patients with ASDs and 216 controls of Finnish origin were analyzed using real-time-PCR or direct sequencing.
The strongest association was detected with rs1340513 in the JMJD2C gene at 9p24.1 (P=0.007; corrected P=0.011) that is the same SNP associated with infantile autism (P=0.0007) in the autism genome project consortium (2007). No association was detected at 11p12-p13 with ASD. Interestingly, the strongest association in OCD has been found at rs301443 (P=0.000067) residing between SLC1A1 and JMJD2C at 9p24.
In summary, our results give evidence for a possible common locus for OCD and ASDs at 9p24. We speculate that the area may represent a special candidate region for obsessive repetitive symptoms in ASDs.Characterizing light-regulated retinal microRNAs reveals rapid turnover as a common property of neuronal microRNAs.Adaptation to different levels of illumination is central to the function of the retina. Here, we demonstrate that levels of the miR-183/96/182 cluster, miR-204, and miR-211 are regulated by different light levels in the mouse retina. Concentrations of these microRNAs were downregulated during dark adaptation and upregulated in light-adapted retinas, with rapid decay and increased transcription being responsible for the respective changes. We identified the voltage-dependent glutamate transporter Slc1a1 as one of the miR-183/96/182 targets in photoreceptor cells. We found that microRNAs in retinal neurons decay much faster than microRNAs in nonneuronal cells. The high turnover is also characteristic of microRNAs in hippocampal and cortical neurons, and neurons differentiated from ES cells in vitro. Blocking activity reduced turnover of microRNAs in neuronal cells while stimulation with glutamate accelerated it. Our results demonstrate that microRNA metabolism in neurons is higher than in most other cells types and linked to neuronal activity.The Genetics of Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder.OCD is a psychiatric disorder with a lifetime prevalence of 1-3% and is a significant cause of disability worldwide. Family studies indicate that OCD has a significant hereditable component, with relatives of OCD cases being 4 times more likely to develop the disorder than the general population. Linkage studies in OCD have generally been underpowered and have failed to reach the statistical threshold for genome-wide significance, but they have nevertheless been useful for revealing potential regions of interest for future candidate gene studies. Candidate gene studies in OCD have thus far focused on genes involved in the serotonergic, dopaminergic, and glutamatergic pathways. These studies have been for the most part inconclusive, and failures to replicate have been the norm until very recently. The only genetic association replicated by multiple groups was with a glutamate transporter gene (SLC1A1). Genome-wide association studies in OCD are in progress, but final results have not yet been reported. As with the study of many other psychiatric disorders, an improved understanding of OCD will only be achieved (1) with larger collaborative efforts involving more probands, (2) the use of probands and controls drawn from epidemiologically-based populations rather than clinical samples, (3) developing a more precise phenotypic description of OCD and (4) measuring important environmental influences that affect OCD pathogenesis and severity.Genetics of early-onset obsessive-compulsive disorder.Obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD) is characterized by recurrent, intrusive and disturbing thoughts as well as by repetitive stereotypic behaviors. Epidemiological data are similar in children and adults, i.e., between 1 and 3% of the general population suffer from OCD. Children with OCD are often seriously impaired in their development. OCD, especially of early onset, has been shown to be familial. Several candidate genes of predominantly neurotransmitter systems have been analyzed and a total of three genome-wide linkage scans have been performed until now. Analyses of candidate genes in linkage regions have not provided evidence for their involvement in OCD, with the exception of the glutamate transporter gene SLC1A1 on 9p24. Genome-wide association analyses are in progress and the results will promote further independent replication studies. The consideration of subtypes regarding age of onset, symptom dimensions and/or comorbid disorders is needed.A screen of SLC1A1 for OCD-related alleles.SLC1A1, which encodes the neuronal and epithelial glutamate transporter, is a promising candidate gene for obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD). In this study, we conducted capillary electrophoresis single-strand conformation polymorphism (CE-SSCP) screen for all 12 identified exons, including all coding regions and approximately 50 bp of flanking introns of the human SLC1A1 in 378 OCD-affected individuals. Full sequencing was completed on samples that showed an aberrant SSCP tracing for identification of the underlying sequence variants. Our aim was to determine if there are differences in the frequencies of relatively common alleles, or rare functional alleles, in 378 OCD cases and 281 ethnically matched controls. We identified one nonsynonymous coding SNP (c.490A > G, T164A) and three synonymous coding SNP (c.81G > C, A27A; c.414A > G, T138T; c.1110T > C, T370T) in case samples. We found no statistical differences in genotype and allele frequencies of common cSNPs in SLC1A1 between the OCD cases and controls. The rare variant T164A was found only in one family. Further investigation of this variant is necessary to determine whether and how it is related to OCD. There was no other evidence of significant accumulation of deleterious coding mutations in SLC1A1 in the OCD cases.The glutamate-based genetic immune hypothesis in obsessive-compulsive disorder. An integrative approach from genes to symptoms.Recent advances in multiple areas of research have contributed to the identification of several pathophysiological factors underlying obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD). In particular, the glutamate transporter gene SLC1A1 has been associated with the diagnosis of OCD. Immunological and infectious studies have reported alterations of the immune system and the presence of immune complexes directed against the Borna disease virus in OCD patients. In addition, neuroimaging of OCD patients has demonstrated abnormalities in the anterior cingulate cortex, orbitofrontal cortex, thalamus, and the basal ganglia. Neuropsychological assessments have found several cognitive disruptions that have been identified in OCD, especially impairments in cognitive flexibility. Here, we attempt to bridge the gap between these remarkable findings through several previously unpredicted pathophysiological mechanisms. We propose an integrative hypothesis that indicates how genetic and environmental factors may contribute to the structural and functional alterations of cortico-subcortical circuits, leading to the characteristic cognitive disruptions underlying OCD symptoms.Association of the glutamate transporter gene SLC1A1 with atypical antipsychotics-induced obsessive-compulsive symptoms.Several studies have indicated that atypical antipsychotics (AAP) induce obsessive-compulsive (OC) symptoms. Research exploring the mechanism of this phenomenon, however, has been extremely limited. Considering the indirect evidence of genetic control and difficulties in developing animal models and performing gene expression studies, genetic association studies could be an important approach to understanding the molecular mechanism of AAP-induced OC symptoms. The glutamate transporter gene SLC1A1, which was recently reported to be associated with obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD), is a promising candidate gene for susceptibility to AAP-induced OC symptoms.
To determine whether polymorphisms in SLC1A1 are associated with AAP-induced OC symptoms in patients with schizophrenia.
A pharmacogenetic case-control association study.
Outpatient schizophrenia clinics.
Clinically stable patients with schizophrenia who were receiving AAP treatment (n = 94; OC group). The OC group consisted of 40 patients with AAP-induced OC symptoms, and the non-OC group consisted of 54 patients who had received AAP for more than 24 months without developing OC symptoms.
Allele, genotype, and haplotype frequencies. The association was tested with a logistic regression model using age, sex, and medication type as covariates.
Trends of association were observed in rs2228622 and rs3780412 (nominal P = .01; adjusted permutation P = .07) for the dominant model that was the inheritance model that best fit our data. In the haplotype -based analysis, the A/C/G haplotype at rs2228622-rs3780413-rs3780412 showed a significant association with AAP-induced OC symptoms; this association withstood multiple test correction (nominal P = .01; adjusted permutation P = .04; odds ratio, 3.955; 95% confidence interval, 1.366-11.452, for dominant model).
These results suggest that sequence variations in SLC1A1 are associated with susceptibility to AAP-induced OC symptoms. This is the first published pharmacogenetic study on this phenomenon and provides preliminary evidence of the involvement of glutamatergic neurotransmission in the pathogenesis of AAP-induced OC symptoms.A haplotype containing quantitative trait loci for SLC1A1 gene expression and its association with obsessive-compulsive disorder.Recent evidence from linkage analyses and follow-up candidate gene studies supports the involvement of SLC1A1, which encodes the neuronal glutamate transporter, in the development of obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD).
To determine the role of genetic variation of SLC1A1 in OCD in a large case-control study and to better understand how SLC1A1 variation affects functionality.
A case-control study.
Publicly accessible SLC1A1 expression and genotype data.
Three hundred twenty-five OCD probands and 662 ethnically and sex-matched controls.
Probands were assessed with the Structured Clinical Interview for DSM-IV, the Yale-Brown Obsessive Compulsive Scale, and the Saving Inventory-Revised. Six single-nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) were genotyped. Multiple testing corrections for single-marker and haplotype analyses were performed by permutation.
Gene expression of SLC1A1 is heritable in lymphoblastoid cell lines. We identified 3 SNPs in or near SLC1A1 that correlated with gene expression levels, 1 of which had previously been associated with OCD. Two of these SNPs also predicted expression levels in human brain tissue, and 1 SNP was further functional in reporter gene studies. Two haplotypes at 3 SNPs, rs3087879, rs301430, and rs7858819, were significantly associated with OCD after multiple-testing correction and contained 2 SNPs associated with expression levels. In addition, another SNP correlating with SLC1A1 gene expression, rs3933331, was associated with an OCD-hoarding subphenotype as assessed by 2 independent, validated scales.
Our case-control data corroborate previous smaller family-based studies that indicated that SLC1A1 is a susceptibility locus for OCD. The expression and genotype database-mining approach we used provides a potentially useful complementary approach to strengthen future candidate gene studies in neuropsychiatric and other disorders.Select nutrients in the ovine uterine lumen. IV. Expression of neutral and acidic amino acid transporters in ovine uteri and peri-implantation conceptuses.The availability of specific neutral and acidic amino acids in the uterine lumen of ewes increased significantly during the peri-implantation period, but mechanisms for their transport into the uterine lumen and uptake by conceptuses are not established in any species. In this study, effects of pregnancy, progesterone (P4), and interferon tau (IFNT) on expression of neutral and acidic amino acid transporters in uteri of cyclic and pregnant ewes and conceptuses were studied. SLC1A2, SLC1A3, SLC3A1, SLC6A14, SLC6A19, SLC7A6, SLC38A3, and SLC38A6 mRNAs were only weakly expressed in the ovine endometrium. However, SLC1A4, SLC1A5, SLC7A8, and SLC43A2 mRNAs were detectable in uterine luminal epithelia (LE), superficial glandular epithelia (sGE), and/or glandular epithelia (GE). SLC1A1 and SLC7A5 mRNAs were most abundant in LE/sGE and GE. SLC1A3 and SLC38A4 mRNAs were most abundant in uterine stroma. SLC38A6 mRNA was detected only in cells with a stromal distribution suggesting immune lineage. SLC1A5 mRNA was expressed primarily in LE/sGE and stromal cells, and it was more abundant in uteri of pregnant ewes (day x status interaction; P < 0.05). Furthermore, P4 induced and IFNT further stimulated SLC1A5 expression in LE/sGE. Endometrial SLC1A1, SLC7A5, and SLC43A2 mRNAs demonstrated both temporal and cellSLC-specific changes. Several mRNAs were detectable in trophectoderm (SLC6A19, SLC7A5, SLC7A6, and SLC43A2), while others were more abundant in endoderm (SLC1A4, SLC1A5, SLC6A19, SLC7A5, SLC7A6, SLC7A8, and SLC43A2) of conceptuses. These results document coordinate changes in expression of transporters that are likely responsible for increases in amounts of neutral and acidic amino acids in the uterine lumen to support conceptus growth, development, and survival.High-resolution copy number and gene expression microarray analyses of head and neck squamous cell carcinoma cell lines of tongue and larynx.Gene amplifications and deletions are frequent in head and neck squamous cell carcinomas (SCC) but the association of these alterations with gene expression is mostly unknown. Here, we characterized genome-wide copy number and gene expression changes on microarrays for 18 oral tongue SCC (OTSCC) cell lines. We identified a number of altered regions including nine high-level amplifications such as 6q12-q14 (CD109, MYO6), 9p24 (JAK2, CD274, SLC1A1, RLN1), 11p12-p13 (TRAF6, COMMD9, TRIM44, FJX1, CD44, PDHX, APIP), 11q13 (FADD, PPFIA1, CTTN), and 14q24 (ABCD4, HBLD1, LTBP2, ZNF410, COQ6, ACYP1, JDP2) where 9% to 64% of genes showed overexpression. Across the whole genome, 26% of the amplified genes had associated overexpression in OTSCC. Furthermore, our data implicated that OTSCC cell lines harbored similar genomic alterations as laryngeal SCC cell lines We have previously analyzed, suggesting that despite differences in clinicopathological features there are no marked differences in molecular genetic alterations of these two HNSCC sites. To identify genes whose expression was associated with copy number increase in head and neck SCC, a statistical analysis for oral tongue and laryngeal SCC cell line data were performed. We pinpointed 1,192 genes that had a statistically significant association between copy number and gene expression. These results suggest that genomic alterations with associated gene expression changes play an important role in the malignant behavior of head and neck SCC. The identified genes provide a basis for further functional validation and may lead to the identification of novel candidates for targeted therapies. This article contains Supplementary Material available at http://www.interscience.wiley.com/jpages/1045-2257/suppmat.Genetics of obsessive-compulsive disorder: a research update.The genetic study of obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD) has made significant gains in the past decade. However, etiological gene findings are still elusive. Epidemiological studies, including family and twin studies, strongly support a genetic component for OCD. In addition, complex segregation analyses suggest the presence of at least one major gene. The neurobiology of OCD also lends support to the notion that programmed CNS-based biological processes underlie OCD symptom expression, with mapping of brain circuits to fronto-subcortical circuits in a consistent manner. Genetic linkage studies of OCD, using families with multiple affected relatives, have generated several suggestive linkage peaks, regions that may harbor a gene or genes for OCD. However, the presence of multiple linkage peaks has added to the complexity of OCD genetics, suggesting that the exploration of gene-gene interactions and gene-environment interactions, in addition to the exploration of alternate phenotypes based on symptom expression, age at onset or comorbid conditions, may be key in locating etiologic genes. Finally, candidate gene studies, while promising, are not yet associated with linkage regions, except in the case of the glutamate transporter gene SLC1A1 in 9p24. While OCD appears to have a genetic component, additional innovative research is needed to unravel the genetic influences in the disorder.Electroconvulsive seizure-induced gene expression profile of the hippocampus dentate gyrus granule cell layer.Electroconvulsive shock (ECS) is the most effective treatment for depression, but the mechanism underlying the therapeutic action of this treatment is still unknown. To better understand the molecular changes that may be necessary for the clinical effectiveness of ECS we have combined the technologies of gene expression profiling using cDNA microarrays with T7-based RNA amplification and laser microdissection to identify regulated genes in the dentate gyrus granule cell layer of the hippocampus. We have identified genes previously reported to be up-regulated following ECS, including brain-derived neurotrophic factor, neuropeptide Y, and thyrotrophin releasing hormone, as well as several novel genes. Notably, we have identified additional genes that are known to be involved in neuroprotection, such as growth arrest DNA damage inducible beta (Gadd45beta), and the excitatory amino acid transporter-1 (EAAC1/Slc1A1). In addition, via in situ hybridization we show that EAAC1 is specifically up-regulated in the dentate gyrus, but not in other hippocampal subfields. This study demonstrates the utility of microarray analysis of microdissected subregions of limbic brain regions and identifies novel ECS-regulated genes.Reduced intestinal and renal amino acid transport in PDK1 hypomorphic mice.The phosphoinositide-dependent kinase PDK1 activates the serum- and glucocorticoid-inducible kinase isoforms SGK1, SGK2, and SGK3 and protein kinase B, which in turn are known to up-regulate a variety of sodium-coupled transporters. The present study was performed to explore the role of PDK1 in amino acid transport. As mice completely lacking functional PDK1 are not viable, mice expressing 10-25% of PDK1 (pdk1(hm)) were compared with their wild-type (WT) littermates (pdk1(wt)). Body weight was significantly less in pdk1(hm) than in pdk1(wt) mice. Despite lower body weight of pdk1(hm) mice, food and water intake were similar in pdk1(hm) and pdk1(wt) mice. According to Ussing chamber experiments, electrogenic transport of phenylalanine, cysteine, glutamine, proline, leucine, and tryptophan was significantly smaller in jejunum of pdk1(hm) mice than in pdk1(wt) mice. Similarly, electrogenic transport of phenylalanine, glutamine, and proline was significantly decreased in isolated perfused proximal tubules of pdk1(hm) mice. The urinary excretion of proline, valine, guanidinoacetate, methionine, phenylalanine, citrulline, glutamine/glutamate, and tryptophan was significantly larger in pdk1(hm) than in pdk1(wt) mice. According to immunoblotting of brush border membrane proteins prepared from kidney, expression of the Na+-dependent neutral amino acid transporter B(0)AT1 (SLC6A19), the glutamate transporter EAAC1/EAAT3 (SLC1A1), and the transporter for cationic amino acids and cystine b(0,+)AT (SLC7A9) was decreased but the Na+/proline cotransporter SIT (SLC6A20) was increased in pdk1(hm) mice. In conclusion, reduction of functional PDK1 leads to impairment of intestinal absorption and renal reabsorption of amino acids. The combined intestinal and renal loss of amino acids may contribute to the growth defect of PDK1-deficient mice.Association testing of the positional and functional candidate gene SLC1A1/EAAC1 in early-onset obsessive-compulsive disorder.The first 2 independent linkage studies for obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD) identified a region on 9p24 with suggestive evidence for linkage. The glutamate transporter gene solute carrier family 1, member 1 (SLC1A1) is a promising functional candidate in this region because altered glutamatergic concentrations have been found in the striatum and anterior cingulate in neuroimaging studies of pediatric OCD.
To determine whether genotypes at polymorphisms in the SLC1A1 gene region are associated with early-onset OCD.
Family-based analysis of association using the transmission disequilibrium test, confirmed using the family-based association test.
Anxiety disorders program in an academic medical center.
Seventy-one probands with DSM-III-R or DSM-IV OCD and their parents.
Nine single nucleotide polymorphisms spaced throughout the SLC1A1 gene region were genotyped.
Significant association was detected at rs3780412 (P = .04) and rs301430 (P = .03), 2 common adjacent single nucleotide polymorphisms in the 3' region of SLC1A1. Analysis by sex revealed that association at rs3780412 was limited to male probands (P = .002). Significant association was also detected for the T/C haplotype at rs301430-rs301979 (P = .03), the only haplotype block identified among the 9 single nucleotide polymorphisms. Analysis by sex also revealed that the haplotype association was limited to male probands (P = .003). A deletion in the 3' flanking region of SLC1A1 was also detected that imperfectly segregated with OCD in a large, multigenerational family with multiple affected individuals.
The 3' region of SLC1A1 may contain a susceptibility allele for early-onset OCD, with differential effects in males and females. The results also provide further support for the involvement of a glutamatergic dysfunction in the pathogenesis of early-onset OCD.Neuronal glutathione deficiency and age-dependent neurodegeneration in the EAAC1 deficient mouse.Uptake of the neurotransmitter glutamate is effected primarily by transporters expressed on astrocytes, and downregulation of these transporters leads to seizures and neuronal death. Neurons also express a glutamate transporter, termed excitatory amino acid carrier-1 (EAAC1), but the physiological function of this transporter remains uncertain. Here we report that genetically EAAC1-null (Slc1a1(-/-)) mice have reduced neuronal glutathione levels and, with aging, develop brain atrophy and behavioral changes. EAAC1 can also rapidly transport cysteine, an obligate precursor for neuronal glutathione synthesis. Neurons in the hippocampal slices of EAAC1(-/-) mice were found to have reduced glutathione content, increased oxidant levels and increased susceptibility to oxidant injury. These changes were reversed by treating the EAAC1(-/-) mice with N-acetylcysteine, a membrane-permeable cysteine precursor. These findings suggest that EAAC1 is the primary route for neuronal cysteine uptake and that EAAC1 deficiency thereby leads to impaired neuronal glutathione metabolism, oxidative stress and age-dependent neurodegeneration.Bipolar affective disorder partially cosegregates with a balanced t(9;11)(p24;q23.1) chromosomal translocation in a small pedigree.Analysis of an extended pedigree in which a balanced t(9;11)(p24;q23.1) translocation was found to cosegregate with bipolar affective disorder revealed that five of 11 translocation carriers had bipolar affective disorder and one carrier had unipolar depression. There were no affected individuals in the pedigree without the balanced translocation. We hypothesized that gene(s) or gene regulatory regions disrupted by the translocation might be contributing to the bipolar affective disorder in a dominant fashion. To test this hypothesis, we isolated the derivative chromosome 9 and derivative chromosome 11 in somatic cell hybrids and identified the nearest flanking markers on chromosome 9 (D9S230 and D9S2011E/HRFX3) and chromosome 11 (EST00652 and CRYA2). YAC contigs were constructed in the region of flanking markers for both chromosomes 9 and 11. Chromosome 11 breakpoint was localized within an 8-kb region in a small insert (100 kb) YAC. Chromosome 9 breakpoint was localized within approximately 2 Mb region. Several genes and ESTs including EST00652, CRYA2, DRD2, 5HTR3 on chromosome 11 and VLDLR and SLC1A1 on chromosome 9 were mapped within the vicinity of the breakpoint but were shown not to be disrupted by the translocation breakpoint. Although several possibilities exist regarding the role of the balanced translocation in developing bipolar affective disorder in this pedigree, including a chance cosegregation, identification of a disrupted gene or gene regulatory region with the help of physical mapping resources described in this study may help to identify the presence of a susceptibility gene for this disorder.The ATRA-dependent overexpression of the glutamate transporter EAAC1 requires RARbeta induction.The mechanisms underlying trafficking and membrane targeting of EAAC1, the rodent counterpart of the human EAAT3 carrier for anionic amino acids, are well characterized. In contrast, much less is known on the regulation of Slc1a1, the gene that encodes for the transporter. We have recently found that all-trans retinoic acid (ATRA) stimulates EAAC1 expression and anionic amino acid transport in C6 rat glioma cells. We report here that the ATRA effect on EAAC1 activity was inhibited by the specific RAR antagonist LE540 and mimicked by Am80, a RAR agonist, but not by the RXR agonist HX630. Moreover, the ATRA-dependent induction of Slc1a1 mRNA required the synthesis of a protein intermediate and was not associated with changes in the messenger half-life. ATRA treatment induced the expression of both Rarb mRNA and RARbeta protein several hours before the induction of Slc1a1, while the mRNA for RFX1, a transcription factor recently involved in Slc1a1 transcription, was unchanged. In addition, Rarb silencing markedly inhibited the ATRA-dependent increase of both Rarb and Slc1a1 mRNAs. We conclude that in C6 glioma cells the induction of Slc1a1 by ATRA requires the synthesis of RARbeta, suggesting that the receptor is involved in the regulation of the transporter gene.Family-Based Association Testing of OCD-associated SNPs of SLC1A1 in an autism sample.Reports identified the neuronal glutamate transporter gene, SLC1A1 (OMIM 133550, chromosome 9p24), as a positional and functional candidate gene for obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD). The presence of obsessions and compulsions similar to OCD in autism, the identification of this region in a genome-wide linkage analysis of individuals with autism spectrum disorders (ASDs), and the hypothesized role of glutamate in ASDs make SLC1A1 a candidate gene for ASD as well. To test for association between SLC1A1 and autism, we typed three single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs, rs301430, rs301979, rs301434) previously associated with OCD in 86 strictly defined trios with autism. Family-Based Association Tests (FBAT) with additive and recessive models were used to check for association. Additionally, an rs301430-rs301979 haplotype identified for OCD was investigated. FBAT revealed nominally significant association between autism and one SNP under a recessive model. The G allele of rs301979 was undertransmitted (equivalent to overtransmission of the C allele under a dominant model) to individuals with autism (Z=-2.47, P=0.01). The G allele was also undertransmitted in the T-G haplotype under the recessive model (Z=-2.41, P=0.02). Both findings were also observed in the male-only sample. However, they did not withstand correction for multiple comparisons.Glutamate system genes associated with ventral prefrontal and thalamic volume in pediatric obsessive-compulsive disorder.This pilot study was undertaken to determine if there was a significant association between specific glutamate system genes and regional volumes of interest implicated in the pathogenesis of obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD). Volumetric magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) and genotyping of 7 polymorphisms in two genes, glutamate receptor, ionotropic, N-methyl-d-aspartate 2B (GRIN2B) and solute linked carrier, family 1, member 1 (SLC1A1) were conducted in 31 psychotropic-naïve pediatric OCD patients. The rs1805476 variant of GRIN2B was associated with left but not right orbital frontal cortex (OFC) (p=0.04) and right but not left anterior cingulate cortex (ACC) volume (p=0.02). The SLC1A1 rs3056 variant was associated with increased total (p=0.01), left (p=0.02) and right (p=0.02) thalamic volume. These results suggest that GRIN2B and SLC1A1 may be associated with regional volumetric alterations in OFC, ACC, and thalamus in children with OCD.A family-based association study of the glutamate transporter gene SLC1A1 in obsessive-compulsive disorder in 378 families.SLC1A encodes the neuronal and epithelial glutamate transporter and was previously tested as a candidate for obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD) by several research groups. Recently, three independent research groups reported significant association findings between OCD and several genetic variants in SLC1A1. This study reports the results from a family-based association study, which examined the association between 13 single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) within or in proximity to the SLC1A1 gene. Although we did not replicate association findings for those significant SNPs reported by previous studies, our study indicated a strong association signal with the SNP RS301443 (P-value = 0.000067; Bonferroni corrected P-value = 0.0167) under a dominant model, with an estimated odds ratio of 3.5 (confidence interval: 2.66-4.50). Further, we conducted single SNP analysis after stratifying the full data set by the gender status of affected in each family. The P-value for RS301443 in families with the male affected was 0.00027, and the P-value in families with female affected was 0.076. The fact that we identified a signal which was not previously reported by the other research groups may be due to differences in study designs and sample ascertainment. However, it is also possible that this significant SNP may be part of a regulator for SLC1A1, given that it is roughly 7.5 kb away from the boundary of the SLC1A1 gene. However, this potential finding needs to be validated biologically. Further functional studies in this region are planned by this research group.Does parental expressed emotion moderate genetic effects in ADHD? An exploration using a genome wide association scan.Studies of gene x environment (G x E) interaction in ADHD have previously focused on known risk genes for ADHD and environmentally mediated biological risk. Here we use G x E analysis in the context of a genome-wide association scan to identify novel genes whose effects on ADHD symptoms and comorbid conduct disorder are moderated by high maternal expressed emotion (EE). SNPs (600,000) were genotyped in 958 ADHD proband-parent trios. After applying data cleaning procedures we examined 429,981 autosomal SNPs in 909 family trios. ADHD symptom severity and comorbid conduct disorder was measured using the Parental Account of Childhood Symptoms interview. Maternal criticism and warmth (i.e., EE) were coded by independent observers on comments made during the interview. No G x E interactions reached genome-wide significance. Nominal effects were found both with and without genetic main effects. For those with genetic main effects 36 uncorrected interaction P-values were <10(-5) implicating both novel genes as well as some previously supported candidates. These were found equally often for all of the interactions being investigated. The observed interactions in SLC1A1 and NRG3 SNPs represent reasonable candidate genes for further investigation given their previous association with several psychiatric illnesses. We find evidence for the role of EE in moderating the effects of genes on ADHD severity and comorbid conduct disorder, implicating both novel and established candidates. These findings need replicating in larger independent samples.Detergent-insoluble EAAC1/EAAT3 aberrantly accumulates in hippocampal neurons of Alzheimer's disease patients.Disturbed glutamate homeostasis may contribute to the pathological processes involved in Alzheimer's disease (AD). Once glutamate is released from synapses or from other intracellular sources, it is rapidly cleared by glutamate transporters. EAAC1 (also called EAAT3 or SLC1A1) is the primary glutamate transporter in forebrain neurons. In addition to transporting glutamate, EAAC1 plays other roles in regulating GABA synthesis, reducing oxidative stress in neurons, and is important in supporting neuron viability. Currently, little is known about EAAC1 in AD. To address whether EAAC1 is disturbed in AD, immunohistochemistry was performed on tissue from hippocampus and frontal cortex of AD and normal control subjects matched for age and gender. While EAAC1 immunostaining in cortex appeared comparable to controls, in the hippocampus, EAAC1 aberrantly accumulated in the cell bodies and proximal neuritic processes of CA2-CA3 pyramidal neurons in AD patients. Biochemical analyses showed that Triton X-100-insoluble EAAC1 was significantly increased in the hippocampus of AD patients compared to both controls and Parkinson's disease patients. These findings suggest that aberrant glutamate transporter expression is associated with AD-related neuropathology and that intracellular accumulation of detergent-insoluble EAAC1 is a feature of the complex biochemical lesions in AD that include altered protein solubility.Evidence for potential relationship between SLC1A1 and a putative genetic linkage region on chromosome 14q to obsessive-compulsive disorder with compulsive hoarding.Obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD) is likely a disorder involving complex genetic transmission. This suggests that multiple genetic and environmental factors are involved in its etiology. This is complicated further by the probability of genetic heterogeneity for this phenotype. In this report, we describe a preliminary approach to deal with both complexities. SLC1A1, a glutamate transporter gene on chromosome 9p, was originally proposed to be related to OCD based on two linkage studies, and subsequently association of OCD to the gene has been replicated. Additionally, genetic linkage to a subtype of OCD, compulsive hoarding, has been reported on chromosome 14q. We hypothesized that both genomic regions contribute to OCD in some instances. Using the analytic program GENEFINDER we found that conditioning linkage on chromosome 14q to a marker adjacent to SLC1A1, reduced the size of the linkage region on chromosome 14q and provided evidence for interaction between the regions on chromosomes 9p and 14q.Dynamic changes in messenger RNA profiles of bovine endometrium during the oestrous cycle.During the oestrous cycle, the bovine endometrium exhibits characteristic morphological and functional changes, which are mainly induced by progesterone (P(4)), oestrogens and oxytocin. We studied the response of the endometrium to this changing hormonal environment at the transcriptome level using a custom-made cDNA microarray. Endometrium samples were recovered from Simmental heifers on days 0 (oestrus), 3.5 (metoestrus), 12 (dioestrus) and 18. The latter group was divided into animals with high (late dioestrus) and low P(4) levels (preoestrus). Significance analysis of microarrays revealed 269 genes exhibiting significant changes in their transcript levels during the oestrous cycle in distinct temporal patterns. Two major types of expression profiles were observed, which showed the highest mRNA levels during the oestrus phase or the highest levels during the luteal phase respectively. A minor group of genes exhibited the highest mRNA levels on day 3.5. Gene ontology (GO) analyses revealed GO categories related to extracellular matrix remodelling, transport, and cell growth and morphogenesis enriched at oestrus, whereas immune response and particular metabolic pathways were overrepresented at dioestrus. Generation of gene interaction networks uncovered the genes possibly involved in endometrial remodelling (e.g. collagen genes, TNC, SPARC, MMP2, MEP1B, TIMP1, TIMP2, HTRA1), regulation of angiogenesis (e.g. ANGPTL2, TEK, NPY, AGT, EPAS1, KLF5 ), regulation of invasive growth (e.g. PCSK5, tight junction proteins, GRP, LGALS1, ANXA2, NOV, PLAT, MET, TDGF1, CST6, ITGB4), cell adhesion (e.g. MUC16, LGALS3BP) and embryo feeding (e.g. SLC1A1, SLC11A2, SLC16A1, SEPP1, ENPP1). Localisation of mRNA expression in the endometrium was analysed for CLDN4, CLDN10, TJP1, PCSK5, MAGED1, and LGALS1.C6 glioma cells differentiated by retinoic acid overexpress the glutamate transporter excitatory amino acid carrier 1 (EAAC1).The transport of excitatory amino acids (EAA) in CNS is performed by a family of high affinity, sodium dependent carriers. One of these transporters, excitatory amino acid carrier 1 (EAAC1), is known to be regulated by several mechanisms that modify carrier abundance on the plasma membrane. Much less is known on EAAC1 regulation at the level of gene expression. Here we report that, in C6 rat glioma cells, a line recently described to contain neural stem-like cells, EAAC1 is markedly induced by all trans-retinoic acid (ATRA), a well known differentiating agent. Consistently, ATRA stimulates EAA transport, with the maximal effect observed at concentrations>or=1 microM. After 4 days of treatment with 10 microM ATRA, the transport Vmax is fivefold enhanced, Slc1a1 mRNA is increased by 400% compared with control, EAAC1 carrier is sixfold overexpressed and the C6 culture is greatly enriched of cells with bipolar morphology strongly positive for EAAC1 immunoreactivity. Compared with untreated cells, ATRA-treated C6 cells express less Slc1a3 mRNA, for the transporter GLAST, but significantly higher levels of Slc1a2 mRNA, for the transporter GLT-1, although no expression of either protein is detected with Western blot in both untreated and ATRA-treated cells. Consistently, the inhibition pattern of aspartate transport and its stimulation by phorbol esters are indicative of a transport process due to EAAC1 operation. Under the conditions adopted, ATRA treatment causes the induction of proteolipid protein, an oligodendrocytic marker. These results indicate that, in C6 cells, ATRA stimulates the expression of EAAC1, possibly as a step toward oligodendrocytic differentiation, and constitute the first demonstration of the induction of this transporter by a differentiating agent.SERT Ileu425Val in autism, Asperger syndrome and obsessive-compulsive disorder.SERT I425V, an uncommon missense single nucleotide polymorphism producing a gain-of-function of the serotonin transporter (SERT), was originally found to segregate with a primarily obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD) but complexly comorbid phenotype in two unrelated families.
As two individuals with SERT I425V and OCD also had Asperger syndrome (AS), an autism spectrum disorder, and as other rare SERT variants have recently shown significant associations with autism, we set out to extend our original OCD study by genotyping additional autism/AS and OCD samples.
Case-control association study of SERT I425V in 210 AS/autism probands and 215 controls, plus 335 OCD probands and their family members.
SERT I425V was not found in any of the individuals with AS/autism, OCD alone or OCD comorbid with AS and other disorders, or in controls. This results in new estimates of SERT I425V having a 1.5% prevalence in 530 individuals with OCD from five unrelated families genotyped by us and by one other group and a 0.23% frequency in four control populations totaling 1300 individuals, yielding a continuing significant OCD-control difference (Fisher's exact test corrected for family coefficient of identity P=0.004, odds ratio=6.54).
As several other uncommon, less well quantitated genetic variations occur with an OCD phenotype, including chromosomal anomalies and some other rare gene variants (SGCE, GCH1 and SLITRK1), a tentative conclusion is that OCD resembles other complex disorders in being etiologically heterogeneous and in having both highly penetrant familial subtypes associated with rare alleles or chromosomal anomalies, as well as having a more common, polygenetic form that may involve polymorphisms in such genes as BDNF, COMT, GRIN2beta, TPH2, HTR2A and SLC1A1.Association of the SLC1A1 glutamate transporter gene and obsessive-compulsive disorder.Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder (OCD) is a debilitating illness with putative glutamatergic abnormalities. Two separate proximal haplotypes in the glutamate transporter gene, SLC1A1, were recently reported to be associated with OCD among males, but replication is required.
This study examines SLC1A1 as a candidate gene for OCD and explores gender influences. It was hypothesized that a significant association between SLC1A1 and OCD would be replicated in an independent sample of males but not females.
Family-based association candidate gene study.
Participants were recruited from tertiary care OCD specialty clinics.
OCD probands and their first degree relatives.
Association of OCD with genotypes of single nucleotide polymorphism (SNP) markers and related haplotypes.
Association between OCD and the three-marker haplotype rs12682807/ rs2072657/ rs301430, with overtransmission of A/T/T, was observed in both genders combined (global P = 0.0015) and in males (global P = 0.0031). Single-marker associations with OCD in the region (rs3780412 and rs2228622) demonstrated modest significance (permuted P = 0.045).
This study identifies a significant association between the SLC1A1 glutamate transporter gene and OCD in a haplotype overlapping with that recently reported.H+-coupled nutrient, micronutrient and drug transporters in the mammalian small intestine.The H(+)-electrochemical gradient was originally considered as a driving force for solute transport only across cellular membranes of bacteria, plants and yeast. However, in the mammalian small intestine, a H(+)-electrochemical gradient is present at the epithelial brush-border membrane in the form of an acid microclimate. Over recent years, a large number of H(+)-coupled cotransport mechanisms have been identified at the luminal membrane of the mammalian small intestine. These transporters are responsible for the initial stage in absorption of a remarkable variety of essential and non-essential nutrients and micronutrients, including protein digestion products (di/tripeptides and amino acids), vitamins, short-chain fatty acids and divalent metal ions. Proton-coupled cotransporters expressed at the mammalian small intestinal brush-border membrane include: the di/tripeptide transporter PepT1 (SLC15A1); the proton-coupled amino-acid transporter PAT1 (SLC36A1); the divalent metal transporter DMT1 (SLC11A2); the organic anion transporting polypeptide OATP2B1 (SLC02B1); the monocarboxylate transporter MCT1 (SLC16A1); the proton-coupled folate transporter PCFT (SLC46A1); the sodium-glucose linked cotransporter SGLT1 (SLC5A1); and the excitatory amino acid carrier EAAC1 (SLC1A1). Emerging research demonstrates that the optimal intestinal absorptive capacity of certain H(+)-coupled cotransporters (PepT1 and PAT1) is dependent upon function of the brush-border Na(+)-H(+) exchanger NHE3 (SLC9A3). The high oral bioavailability of a large number of pharmaceutical compounds results, in part, from absorptive transport via the same H(+)-coupled cotransporters. Drugs undergoing H(+)-coupled cotransport across the intestinal brush-border membrane include those used to treat bacterial infections, hypercholesterolaemia, hypertension, hyperglycaemia, viral infections, allergies, epilepsy, schizophrenia, rheumatoid arthritis and cancer.Association study of polymorphisms in the glutamate transporter genes SLC1A1, SLC1A3, and SLC1A6 with schizophrenia.Based on the glutamatergic dysfunction hypothesis for schizophrenia pathogenesis, we have been performing systematic association studies of schizophrenia with the glutamate receptor and transporter genes. We report here association studies of schizophrenia with three glutamate transporter genes SLC1A1, SLC1A3, and SLC1A6 encoding the glutamate transporters EAAT3, EAAT1, and EAAT4, respectively. We initially performed the screening of the total 25 single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) distributed in the three gene regions using 100 out of 400 Japanese cases and 100 out of 420 Japanese controls. After controlling the false discovery rate (FDR) at level 0.05, we observed significant associations of schizophrenia with a genotype of SNP4 (rs2097837, P = 0.007) and with haplotypes of SNP2-SNP5 (P = 7.5 x 10(-5)) and SNP3-SNP5 (P = 9.0 x 10(-4)) in the SLC1A6 region. The haplotype of SNP2-SNP5 of SLC1A6 even showed marginally significant association with the disease in the full-size sample (400 cases and 420 controls, P = 0.031). We concluded that at least one susceptibility locus for schizophrenia may be located within or nearby SLC1A6, whereas SLC1A1 and SLC1A3 are unlikely to be major susceptibility genes for schizophrenia in the Japanese population.Glutamate transporter gene SLC1A1 associated with obsessive-compulsive disorder.There is strong evidence from family and twin studies that genetic determinants play an important role in the etiology of obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD). In the only genome scan of OCD to date that we are aware of, suggestive linkage was reported to the chromosomal region 9p24, a finding that was subsequently replicated. This region contains the gene encoding the neuronal glutamate transporter, SLC1A1. SLC1A1 represents an excellent candidate gene for OCD based on evidence from neuroimaging and animal studies that altered glutamatergic neurotransmission is implicated in the pathogenesis of this disorder.
To determine whether sequence variants in SLC1A1 are associated with transmission of the OCD trait.
A family-based candidate gene association study.
A specialized anxiety disorders outpatient clinic.
One hundred fifty-seven white probands with DSM-IV OCD recruited from consecutive referrals and their first-degree relatives (476 individuals in total).
Nine single nucleotide polymorphisms spanning SLC1A1 were genotyped. Single-locus and haplotype analyses were performed using the Family-Based Association Test and the Transmission Disequilibrium Test. Traits examined included DSM-IV OCD diagnosis and highest lifetime symptom severity as measured using the Yale-Brown Obsessive-Compulsive Scale. Correction for multiple comparisons was performed using permutation tests.
After correction for multiple comparisons, 2 variants, rs301434 (chi 2 = 12.04; P = .006) and rs301435 (chi 2 = 9.24; P = .03), located within a single haplotype block were found to be associated with transmission of OCD. Furthermore, a specific 2-marker haplotype within this block was significantly associated with OCD (chi 2 = 12.60; P = .005). This haplotype association was statistically significant in transmissions to male but not female offspring.
Although requiring replication in larger samples, these findings provide preliminary evidence that sequence variation in SLC1A1 is associated with susceptibility to OCD, particularly in males. Furthermore, these results provide support for the role of altered glutamatergic neurotransmission in the pathogenesis of OCD.SLC11A1 (NRAMP1) but not SLC11A2 (NRAMP2) polymorphisms are associated with susceptibility to tuberculosis in a high-incidence community in South Africa.Stellenbosch University Faculty of Health Sciences, and metropolitan Cape Town, Western Cape, South Africa.
To investigate whether the reported association between SLC11A1 (also NRAMP1) polymorphisms and susceptibility to tuberculosis (TB) can be confirmed in a different population, and whether polymorphisms in SLC11A2 (also NRAMP2, DCT1, DMT1) are associated with TB.
A case-control study design was used to compare the frequencies of five polymorphisms in SLC11A1 and three in SLC11A2 between a group of bacteriologically confirmed TB patients and healthy community controls.
The 5' (GT)9 allele in the promoter of SLC1A1 was found at significantly higher frequencies among 265 controls than in 224 pulmonary TB (PTB) patients (P = 0.002; OR 0.6; 95% CI 0.43-0.83). Homozygotes for the TGTG deletion (1729+55del4) in the 3'UTR of SLC11A1 were over-represented among PTB patients (P = 0.013; OR 5.19; 95% CI 1.42-18.94). Stepwise logistic regression analysis indicated that the 5' and 3' polymorphisms contribute separate main effects. Tuberculous meningitis patients (n = 22) showed the same allele and genotype frequency as PTB patients. No SLC11A2 polymorphisms tested were associated with TB.
The 5' (GT)n allele driving the highest rate of transcription of SLC11A1 appears to be associated with protection against TB in the majority of the populations studied.The glutamate and neutral amino acid transporter family: physiological and pharmacological implications.The solute carrier family 1 (SLC1) is composed of five high affinity glutamate transporters, which exhibit the properties of the previously described system XAG-, as well as two Na+-dependent neutral amino acid transporters with characteristics of the so-called "ASC" (alanine, serine and cysteine). The SLC1 family members are structurally similar, with almost identical hydropathy profiles and predicted membrane topologies. The transporters have eight transmembrane domains and a structure reminiscent of a pore loop between the seventh and eighth domains [Neuron 21 (1998) 623]. However, each of these transporters exhibits distinct functional properties. Glutamate transporters mediate transport of L-Glu, L-Asp and D-Asp, accompanied by the cotransport of 3 Na+ and one 1 H+, and the countertransport of 1 K+, whereas ASC transporters mediate Na+-dependent exchange of small neutral amino acids such as Ala, Ser, Cys and Thr. Given the high concentrating capacity provided by the unique ion coupling pattern of glutamate transporters, they play crucial roles in protecting neurons against glutamate excitotoxicity in the central nervous system (CNS). The regulation and manipulation of their function is a critical issue in the pathogenesis and treatment of CNS disorders involving glutamate excitotoxicity. Loss of function of the glial glutamate transporter GLT1 (SLC1A2) has been implicated in the pathogenesis of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS), resulting in damage of adjacent motor neurons. The importance of glial glutamate transporters in protecting neurons from extracellular glutamate was further demonstrated in studies of the slc1A2 glutamate transporter knockout mouse. The findings suggest that therapeutic upregulation of GLT1 may be beneficial in a variety of pathological conditions. Selective inhibition of the neuronal glutamate transporter EAAC1 (SLC1A1) but not the glial glutamate transporters may be of therapeutic interest, allowing blockage of glutamate exit from neurons due to "reversed glutamate transport" of EAAC1, which will occur during pathological conditions, such as during ischemia after a stroke.The glutamate/neutral amino acid transporter family SLC1: molecular, physiological and pharmacological aspects.The solute carrier family 1 (SLC1) includes five high-affinity glutamate transporters, EAAC1, GLT-1, GLAST, EAAT4 and EAAT5 (SLC1A1, SLC1A2, SLC1A3, SLC1A6, and SLC1A7, respectively) as well as the two neutral amino acid transporters, ASCT1 and ASCT2 (SLC1A4 and ALC1A5, respectively). Although each of these transporters have similar predicted structures, they exhibit distinct functional properties which are variations of a common transport mechanism. The high-affinity glutamate transporters mediate transport of l-Glu, l-Asp and d-Asp, accompanied by the cotransport of 3 Na(+) and 1 H(+), and the countertransport of 1 K(+), whereas ASC transporters mediate Na(+)-dependent exchange of small neutral amino acids such as Ala, Ser, Cys and Thr. The unique coupling of the glutamate transporters allows uphill transport of glutamate into cells against a concentration gradient. This feature plays a crucial role in protecting neurons against glutamate excitotoxicity in the central nervous system. During pathological conditions, such as brain ischemia (e.g. after a stroke), however, glutamate exit can occur due to "reversed glutamate transport", which is caused by a reversal of the electrochemical gradients of the coupling ions. Selective inhibition of the neuronal glutamate transporter EAAC1 (SLC1A1) may be of therapeutic interest to block glutamate release from neurons during ischemia. On the other hand, upregulation of the glial glutamate transporter GLT1 (SLC1A2) may help protect motor neurons in patients with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS), since loss of function of GLT1 has been associated with the pathogenesis of certain forms of ALS.Gene expression profiling of human endometrial receptivity on days LH+2 versus LH+7 by microarray technology.In humans, embryonic implantation and reproduction depends on the interaction of the embryo with the receptive endometrium. To gain a global molecular understanding of human endometrial receptivity, we compared gene expression profiles of pre-receptive (day LH+2) versus receptive (LH+7) endometria obtained from the same fertile woman (n = 5) in the same menstrual cycle in five independent experiments. Biopsies were analysed using the Affymetrix HG-U95A array, a DNA chip containing approximately 12,000 genes. Using the pre-defined criteria of a fold change >/=3 in at least four out of five women, we identified 211 regulated genes. Of these, 153 were up-regulated at LH+7 versus LH+2, whereas 58 were down-regulated. Amongst these 211 regulated genes, we identified genes that were known to play a role in the development of a receptive endometrium, and genes for which a role in endometrial receptivity, or even endometrial expression, has not been previously described. Validation of array data was accomplished by mRNA quantification by real time quantitative fluorescent PCR (Q-PCR) of three up-regulated [glutathione peroxidase 3 (GPx-3), claudin 4 (claudin-4) and solute carrier family 1 member 1 (SLC1A1)] genes in independent LH+2 versus LH+7 endometrial samples from fertile women (n = 3) and the three up-regulated genes throughout the menstrual cycle (n = 15). Human claudin-4 peaks specifically during the implantation window, whereas GPx-3 and SLC1A1 showed highest expression in the late secretory phase. In-situ hybridization (ISH) experiments showed that GPx-3 and SLC1A1 expression was restricted to glandular and luminal epithelial cells during the mid- and late luteal phase. The present work adds new and important data in this field, and highlights the complexity of studying endometrial receptivity even using global gene-expression analysis.Genomic organization of the SLC1A1/EAAC1 gene and mutation screening in early-onset obsessive-compulsive disorder.The first genome scan conducted in early-onset obsessive-compulsive disorder used a non-parametric analysis to identify a peak in a region of chromosome 9 containing the gene SLC1A1, which codes for the neuronal and epithelial glutamate transporter EAAC1. Interaction between the glutamatergic and serotonergic systems within the striatum suggests EAAC1 as a functional candidate in OCD as well. We determined the genomic organization of SLC1A1 primarily by using primers designed from cDNA sequence to amplify from adaptor-ligated genomic DNA restriction fragments. In order to confirm SLC1A1 as a positional candidate in early-onset OCD, common single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) were identified that enabled mapping of SLC1A1 within the region of the lod score peak. Based on the linkage evidence, the coding region was sequenced in the probands of the seven families included in the genome scan. No evidence was found for a functional mutation, but several SNPs were identified. Capillary electrophoresis SSCP typing of a haplotype consisting of two common SNPs within EAAC1 revealed no significant linkage disequilibrium.